{"number":866,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under common law, robbery is defined as the taking of property from another person by force or intimidation. In this scenario, the man grabbed the purse and then used force by pushing the woman out of the way to escape with it. The use of force in connection with the theft elevates the crime from larceny to robbery.\n\n- Fraud (A) is not applicable because there was no deceit involved.\n- Larceny (B, G, I) involves taking property without consent but without using force or intimidation.\n- Burglary (C) involves unlawful entry into a building with intent to commit a crime inside, which does not apply here.\n- Assault (H) involves causing fear of imminent harm or offensive contact, which is secondary to the primary crime of robbery here.\n\nThe correct answer should reflect that the use of force was directly related to the theft, making it robbery.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A woman was standing in the aisle of a subway car and put her purse on the seat next to her. A man approached the woman from behind and grabbed the purse off the seat. He then pushed the woman out of the way and ran out of the subway car while carrying the purse. The man was apprehended on the subway platform while in possession of the purse. In a jurisdiction that follows the common law with respect to criminal offenses, of what crime can the man properly be convicted?","score":1,"choices":["Fraud, because he took the purse without the woman's consent.","Larceny, because he took the purse without the woman's permission.","Burglary, because he entered the subway car with the intention of committing a theft.","Robbery, because he used force in leaving with the purse.","Robbery, because he used force to take possession of the purse.","Robbery, because he used force to remove the woman from the purse's vicinity.","Larceny, because force was not used until after he took the purse.","Assault, because he pushed the woman out of the way.","Larceny, because he made no threat to use force.","Robbery, because he physically took the purse from the woman's presence."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":867,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination applies to individuals, not corporations. Corporations do not have a Fifth Amendment privilege against producing documents in response to a subpoena. Therefore, the subpoena can be enforced.\nAnswer: B","question":"A federal grand jury was investigating a corporation whose tanker ship had spilled crude oil into environmentally sensitive waters. The grand jury issued a subpoena requiring the corporation to produce all emails and internal documents regarding the corporation's knowledge of the risks of an oil spill. The corporation has objected, citing its Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. Can the subpoena be enforced?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the Fifth Amendment privilege only applies to personal testimonies.","Yes, because a corporation has no Fifth Amendment privilege.","No, because the corporation was not granted use-and-derivative-use immunity.","No, because the corporation was not granted transactional immunity.","Yes, because the Fifth Amendment privilege does not apply to the compelled production of documents.","No, because the documents are protected under attorney-client privilege.","No, because a corporation has the same Fifth Amendment rights as an individual.","No, because the subpoena violates the corporation's Fourth Amendment rights.","Yes, because the documents are not self-incriminating.","Yes, because the subpoena is part of a lawful investigation."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":868,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The strongest argument would likely involve the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, which requires that individuals in similar situations be treated equally by the law. The candidate could argue that the statute unreasonably discriminates against write-in candidates by imposing a more stringent requirement on them compared to other candidates, thereby violating the Equal Protection Clause.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute requiring all prospective voters in state elections who wish to write-in a candidate to print the candidate's full name, and designate the office for which the candidate is running. The statute provides that such information must be written on the ballot in ink inan appropriate space. A write-in candidate is a German-American and is of the opinion that he needs a large turnout of German voters in order to win the election. As a result, his campaign manager decides to mail to every registered German voter a tear-off sticker, which bears the candidate's name and office for which he is running. Since many native German people are not proficient in reading and writing English, the campaign manager believes that many of the voters will have difficulty writing the candidate's name and office on the ballot. As a result, the campaign manager has mounted an extensive media campaign to inform voters on how to apply the stickers to the ballot. Five months prior to the election an election official notifies the candidate's campaign committee that the tear-off stickers do not comply with the state statute. In her letter, the official explains that state election officials are of the opinion that it is necessary for potential voters to write the candidate's name in ink. Therefore, she concludes that the stickers do not comply with statutory requirements. Three weeks later, the candidate filed suit in federal district court against state election officials, claiming that their interpretation of the state statute violates the U. S. Constitution. Which of the following sets forth the strongest constitutional argument the candidate could make against the interpretation of the statute by the state officials?","score":0,"choices":["It unreasonably discriminates against German voters who lack a proficiency in the English language.","It unreasonably interferes with the exclusive federal election power as embodied in the Fifteenth Amendment.","It goes against the spirit of the Twenty-fourth Amendment by effectively imposing a \"literacy tax.\"","It unreasonably discriminates against non-English speaking voters in general.","It violates the Equal Protection Clause by treating write-in candidates differently.","It unreasonably discriminates against write-in candidates for public office.","It unreasonably limits the means by which a candidate can campaign, infringing on democratic practices.","It unreasonably restricts freedom of speech as guaranteed by the First Amendment.","It unreasonably interferes with the 1965 Voting Rights Act outlawing literacy tests.","It interferes with the right to vote as guaranteed by the Nineteenth Amendment."],"correct":"F","answer":"E"}
{"number":869,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The alter ego rule states that a person who intervenes in defense of another can only use the same amount of force that the person they are defending would be entitled to use. In this case, the defendant believed that the woman was in immediate danger and acted to protect her. However, since the woman was actually committing a theft, she was not entitled to use force against the man who was trying to recapture his briefcase. Therefore, under the alter ego rule, the defendant was not justified in using force because the woman herself was not justified in using force.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The defendant was walking down the street when he saw a woman struggling with a man over a briefcase. Unbeknownst to the defendant, the woman had just stolen the briefcase from the man on the street. Believing the woman to be the victim of an attack, the defendant intervened and punched the man until the woman was able to get away with the briefcase. Confused as to why he wasn't being hailed as a hero by the woman, the defendant eventually realized that he had been an unwitting accomplice to the woman's theft. The defendant apologized profusely to the man and went home. According to the alter ego rule, which of the following statements is correct with respect to the amount of force that the defendant was entitled to use in the woman's defense?","score":1,"choices":["Not knowing the true facts, the defendant was not justified in using force to protect the woman because the man was privileged to recapture his briefcase.","The defendant was justified in using any amount of force necessary in the woman's defense, since he believed she was in immediate danger.","The defendant was not justified in using force, regardless of his belief about the situation, because the woman was attempting to steal the man's briefcase.","The defendant was not justified in using force because he did not personally know the woman.","Since the defendant did not stand in any personal relationship with the woman, he was not justified in using force in her defense.","The defendant was justified in using force in the woman's defense, as he was acting in good faith and did not know the true circumstances.","The defendant could use force in the woman's defense, provided that he did not cause more harm to the man than the woman was suffering.","The defendant was justified in using reasonable force in the woman's defense, since his belief that she was in immediate danger of unlawful bodily harm from the man was both objectively and subjectively reasonable.","The defendant was justified in using reasonable force in the woman's defense, since he reasonably believed she was in immediate danger of unlawful bodily harm from the man.","The defendant was justified in using force, even if the woman was in the wrong, because he believed she was in danger."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":870,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The key issue here is the defendant's intent and belief about the gun being unloaded. If the jury believes that the defendant genuinely thought the gun was unloaded, it negates premeditation and malice aforethought required for first-degree murder. However, pointing a gun and pulling the trigger is a reckless act that demonstrates a disregard for human life, which can be classified as manslaughter due to criminal negligence.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Two college students were members of the same fraternity. During a fraternity party, the defendant pulled out a gun, pointed it at the other student and said, \"Beg for your life, sucker. \" The student, who knew that the defendant had a reputation as a practical joker, said, \"Get lost, you jerk. \" The defendant then pulled the trigger and shot the student to death. A statute in this jurisdiction provides: \"Any intentional and premeditated killing with malice aforethought is murder in the first degree. Murder in the second degree is any killing that occurs during the commission or attempted commission of a serious or inherently dangerous felony. Manslaughter includes all other types of unlawftil homicide and unjustifiable killings. \"The defendant was subsequently prosecuted for killing the student. At trial, the defendant testified that a fellow fraternity member gave him the gun before the shooting and told him that it was unloaded. If the jury believes the defendant, it should find him","score":1,"choices":["guilty of assault, but not murder or manslaughter.","guilty of second-degree murder.","guilty of second-degree murder, due to the commission of a dangerous act.","guilty of first-degree murder.","guilty of manslaughter.","not guilty due to lack of intent.","not guilty, as he was misinformed about the gun being loaded.","guilty of first-degree murder, due to malice aforethought.","guilty of homicide, but not manslaughter or murder.","guilty of assault and manslaughter."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":871,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Entrapment occurs when law enforcement induces a person to commit a crime they would not have otherwise committed. In this scenario, the cab driver was invited into the house by the undercover officer and made advances that were reciprocated initially. There is no indication of force or threats, and the situation suggests entrapment as the officer's actions could be seen as inducing the cab driver's behavior.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"It was raining hard one evening as a cab driver was looking for one last passenger. A passenger flagged him down and directed him to take her home. The cab driver recognized the passenger as a former girlfriend, and the passenger invited him into her house when they arrived. Unknown to the cab driver, the passenger was an undercover police officer who worked in the sex crimes unit. When they were inside the passenger's house, the cab driver made sexual advances toward the passenger, who responded by kissing him and holding his hand. The cab driver was about to kiss the passenger again, when she got up to answer the phone in the kitchen. If the cab driver is subsequently arrested and charged with the attempted rape of the passenger, he should be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, if he was predisposed to commit thecrime.","guilty, if he continued his advances after she got up.","not guilty.","guilty, based on the passenger's account.","not guilty, if he raises the proper alibi defense.","guilty, if his advances were unwelcome.","not guilty, if he can prove his intentions were not malicious.","guilty, if the passenger felt threatened.","not guilty, solely because he was entrapped.","not guilty, if he did not use force or threats."],"correct":"C","answer":"I"}
{"number":872,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. To establish an easement by prescription, the use must be open and notorious, continuous, exclusive, and hostile (without permission). In this case, the farmer's use of the road was permissive because the widower explicitly allowed it when he said, \"No problem, I just wanted to be sure that it was you who was using the road.\" Therefore, the farmer's use was not hostile.\nAnswer: G","question":"A widower was the record owner of a lemon grove, a 30-acre parcel of land in a suburb. The widower lived in a farmhouse on the lemon grove and used the property to raise produce. Adjoining the lemon grove directly to the west was a 10-acre farm that was owned in fee simple by a farmer. There was a four-lane highway that adjoined the lemon grove directly to the east. The widower, by way of gift, executed a deed naming his daughter as grantee. The deed granted to the daughter and her heirs an antebellum mansion located near the southern edge of the lemon grove. The antebellum mansion was accessible by a little- used road that ran west to east from the farmlgrove border to the four-lane highway along the southern boundary of the grove. The daughter recorded her deed and took immediate possession of the property. A short while later, the daughter and the farmer fell in love and began seeing each other quite frequently. In order for the farmer to reach the daughter's house, it was necessary for him to travel over the little-used road across the lemon grove. Many years later, the farmer, who was still having an affair with the daughter, met her father at a Rotary Club meeting. They struck up a conversation, and the widower asked the farmer, \"Have you been driving your pickup along that little-used back road on my property?\" The farmer, who was afraid to tell the widower about his love affair with the daughter, responded with a half-truth, \"Yes, I've been using it as a shortcut to the four-lane highway. \" Unaware that the farmer was also using the path to get to the antebellum mansion to see the daughter, the widower said, \"No problem, I just wanted to be sure that it was you who was using the road. \"Thereafter, the widower found out about his daughter's relationship with the farmer. Infuriated, the widower confronted the farmer and told him, \"Listen, you lying sneak, if I catch you on my property again, I'm going to have you arrested for trespass. \" The farmer replied, \"Sorry, Pops, but I've acquired an easement over that roadway, and I'll continue to use it anytime I want. \"Then, the widower institutes an appropriate action to enjoin the farmer from using the roadway across the lemon grove. If the widower prevails, it will be because the farmer's use was","score":1,"choices":["not for a necessary purpose.","not open and notorious.","not hostile.","fraudulent.","not continuous.","not under claim of right.","permissive.","not for a legal purpose.","not exclusive.","under implied permission."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":873,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The best evidence rule requires that the original piece of evidence (or its accurate duplicate) be produced when the contents of that evidence are being disputed. In this case, the MRI scan is a tangible piece of evidence that directly shows the presence of sponges left in the patient's body. Therefore, under the best evidence rule, she must produce the MRI records.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A patient who had surgery to repair a rupture in her spleen followed up with a full body MRI due to excruciating pain that had developed. During the MRI, the technicians saw at least two identifiable sponges that had been left in her body. She had to be hospitalized for additional surgery. The patient sued the hospital and doctor for medical malpractice. She did not produce the printouts of the MRI. Instead, she attempted to testify to what she observed on the MRI scan. The defense objected and insisted that she must produce the actual MRI printouts. What is the most likely ruling of the trial judge with respect to the objection?","score":1,"choices":["She does not have to produce the MRI scan because her testimony is enough to prove negligence.","She must produce the MRI scan as it is a tangible evidence and can be examined by the court.","She must produce the MRI scan because the jury needs to see the physical evidence.","She does not have to produce the MRI scan because it is the hospital's responsibility to provide the evidence.","She must produce the MRI records because it represents the best evidence under the best evidence rule.","She does not have to produce the MRI scan because she can testify as to the content of her own medical records.","She does have to produce the MRI scan because a layperson cannot testify to personal observations.","She does not have to produce the MRI scan because a layperson can testify to things of common knowledge, such as what a sponge looks like.","She does not have to produce the MRI scan because the hospital already admitted to leaving the sponges in her body.","She must produce the MRI scan because only a medical professional can interpret the results."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":874,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal procedure for help. The Sixth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to a speedy trial. Many states have specific statutes that define what constitutes a \"speedy\" trial, often setting specific time limits within which a defendant must be brought to trial. In many jurisdictions, if a defendant is not brought to trial within 175 days of arrest or release from custody, they may be entitled to discharge. In this case, more than 175 days passed between the defendant's release from jail (March 1) and the filing of the motion to discharge (December 1).\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Defendant was arrested on February 1 and released one month later on March 1 after being charged with a felony. On December 1 of the same year as his arrest, he filed a motion to discharge since no trial or other action had occurred to that point. The court held a hearing 3 days after the motion was filed. Defendant should be","score":0,"choices":["brought to trial within 10 days of the hearing on the motion to discharge.","discharged because more than 175 days passed between his release from jail and the filing of the motion to discharge.","brought to trial within 20 days of the hearing on the motion to discharge.","brought to trial within 90 days of the filing of the motion to discharge.","discharged because more than 175 days passed between arrest and the filing of the motion to discharge.","discharged because more than 180 days passed between arrest and the hearing on the motion to discharge.","discharged because more than 150 days passed between his release from jail and the filing of the motion to discharge.","brought to trial within 30 days of the filing of the motion to discharge.","discharged because more than 200 days passed between arrest and the filing of the motion to discharge.","brought to trial within 60 days of the filing of the motion to discharge."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":875,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The court officer's testimony is not being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (i.e., that the defendant committed false pretenses), but rather to impeach the defendant's credibility by showing that he made a prior inconsistent statement. Therefore, it is not hearsay. The fact that the defendant was granted immunity does not make the testimony inadmissible; it goes to the weight of the evidence, not its admissibility. The best evidence rule does not apply here because the court officer's testimony is about an oral statement, not a document. \n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant, on trial for robbery, took the stand and testified in his own behalf. On cross-examination, the prosecuting attorney asked the defendant whether he had committed false pretenses by making long-distance telephone calls by the unauthorized use of a credit card number. The defendant replied, \"That's a lie, I never did. \" In rebuttal, the prosecuting attorney called the court officer to testif' that the defendant admitted committing false pretenses. The court officer further testified, however, that the defendant was granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for his testimony against others. The court officer's testimony is","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, because the court order is thebest evidence.","admissible, as bearing on the defendant's credibility.","admissible, as it is relevant to the case at hand.","inadmissible, as the defendant was granted immunity for his testimony.","admissible, as bearing on the defendant's guilt.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay evidence.","admissible, as it contradicts the defendant's statement on the stand.","inadmissible, because it is irrelevant to the case at hand.","admissible, as it provides direct evidence of the defendant's guilt.","inadmissible, because the testimony is extrinsic evidence."],"correct":"J","answer":"B"}
{"number":876,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether there was a binding agreement between the general contractor and the carpenter. The carpenter's bid was consideration for the general contractor's promise to award the carpentry subcontract if his bid was the lowest and the general contractor was awarded the main contract. This mutual exchange of promises constitutes a valid contract, making option I the best choice.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A general contractor about to bid on a construction job for an office building invited a carpenter and several others to bid on the carpentry work. The carpenter agreed to bid if the general contractor would agree to give the carpenter the job provided that his bid was lowest and the general contractor was awarded the main contract. The general contractor so agreed. The carpenter, incurring time and expense in preparing his bid, submitted the lowest carpentry bid. The general contractor used the carpenter's bid in calculating its own bid, which was successful. Which of the following best supports the carpenter's position that the general contractor is obligated to position that the general contractor is obligated to award the carpentry subcontract to the carpenter?","score":1,"choices":["The general contractor has an obligation to the owner of the building to subcontract with the carpenter because the carpenter's bid was used in calculating the general contractor's bid, and the carpenter is an intended beneficiary of that obligation.","The carpenter detrimentally relied on the general contractor's conditional promise in preparing his bid.","The carpenter has the necessary skills and experience for the job, hence the general contractor should award the subcontract to him.","The carpenter has incurred time and expense in preparing his bid, which obligates the general contractor to award the subcontract.","The carpenter's bid was the lowest among all the bids, hence the general contractor is obligated to award the subcontract.","The general contractor and the carpenter had a verbal agreement, which obligates the general contractor to award the subcontract.","The general contractor's main bid was successful due to the carpenter's low bid, hence the carpenter should be awarded the subcontract.","The general contractor has an implied duty to deal fairly and in good faith with all bidders whose bids the general contractor used in calculating its main bid to the building owner.","The carpenter gave consideration for the general contractor's conditional promise to award the carpentry subcontract to the carpenter.","The carpenter has a legal claim to the subcontract because he was invited to bid by the general contractor."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":877,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Standing requires that the party bringing the lawsuit has suffered a concrete and particularized injury that is actual or imminent, and that the injury is fairly traceable to the challenged action of the defendant. In this case, the purchaser of marijuana cigarettes who is required to pay the tax has a direct financial stake in the matter and can argue that their tax money is being used unconstitutionally.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Congress has recently enacted a statute legalizing marijuana. The law, signed by the President, imposes a tax of $1 on each pack of marijuana cigarettes sold in the United States. In an inseverable portion of that same law, the entire proceeds of the tax are appropriated on a continuing basis for direct payments to an art museum. The public museum is dedicated to the collection of pictures, artifacts, weapons, and other historical memorabilia of past wars. Which of the following most clearly has standing to attack the constitutionality of this appropriation of the tax monies to the art museum?","score":1,"choices":["An association of tobacco farmers who allege that the legalization of marijuana is impacting their business.","A private art museum that alleges it is being unfairly disadvantaged by the government funding given to the public museum.","A group of artists who claim they are being discriminated against because their art does not focus on war.","A group of local residents who claim that the museum is causing an increase in traffic and noise in their area.","A group of school teachers who claim that the legalization of marijuana will negatively impact their students.","A state, other than the one in which the museum is located, in which several other public museums are located that are not subsidized by this law.","An association of medical doctors that alleges that the legalization of marijuana will result in a public health hazard.","A nonprofit organization of war veterans that claims it can demonstrate a greater need for the funds than can the museum.","A purchaser of marijuana cigarettes who is required to pay the tax.","A group of historians who claim they are being discriminated against because their research does not focus on war."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":878,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The uncle's deed grants the property \"to my nephew and my niece for the life of my nephew, then to my gardener.\" This means that the nephew and niece have a present interest in the property, but it is limited to the duration of the nephew's life. After the nephew's death, the property goes to the gardener.\n\n- The nephew has a life estate because his interest lasts for his lifetime.\n- The niece also has a life estate pur autre vie (for the life of another) because her interest is tied to the life of her brother, the nephew.\n- The gardener has a vested remainder in fee simple because his interest becomes possessory after the termination of the preceding life estates.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"An uncle owns his property in fee simple. The uncle executes and delivers a deed to the property with the following granting clause:\"To my nephew and my niece for the life of my nephew, then to my gardener. \"As a result of the grant, which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the ownership rights of the property?","score":1,"choices":["The nephew has a life estate pur autre vie, the niece has a vested remainder, and the gardener has a life estate.","The nephew and niece are tenants in common for the life of the first of them to die, the nephew and niece have contingent remainders in fee simple defeasible, and the gardener has an executory interest.","The nephew and niece are joint tenants with rights of survivorship, and the gardener has a contingent remainder.","The nephew and niece are tenants in common, and the gardener has a vested remainder in fee simple.","The nephew and niece are joint tenants in fee simple defeasible, and the gardener has an executory interest.","The nephew has a vested remainder, the niece has a life estate, and the gardener has a life estate pur autre vie.","The nephew and niece both have life estates pur autre vie, and the gardener has a contingent remainder.","The nephew has a life estate, the niece has a life estate pur autre vie, and the gardener has a vested remainder.","The nephew has a life estate, the niece has a vested remainder, and the gardener has a life estate pur autre vie.","The nephew has a life estate, the niece also has a life estate, and the gardener has a vested remainder."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":879,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Fourteenth Amendment guarantees due process rights, which means that before a student can be suspended, they must be given notice of the charges and an opportunity to present their side of the story. In this case, the student was given notice and had a meeting with the principal where he admitted to part of the charges. The parents were also notified and had an opportunity to attend a hearing. Therefore, it seems that due process was followed.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A high school junior was charged by the school administration with violating certain sections of the disciplinary code, specifically, he was charged with being disrespectful to a teacher by using profanity and with using abusive language to a fellow student. The principal, sent the student's parents a letter notifying them of the three-day suspension for the above-mentioned charges. The suspension was to take effect on February 1. The principal also included a copy of the disciplinary code in the letter. On January 19, the student and his mother met with the principal in his office to discuss the matter, and the student admitted that he used abusive language to a fellow student. On January 22, the student's parents received a letter informing them that his teacher had upheld the school administration's decision to suspend their son. They were then notified of a hearing on the recommended suspension to be held at the school. The parents did not attend this hearing, but were advised that the school board upheld the suspension, effective February 1. Which of the following most accurately summarizes the applicable rule of constitutional law with respect to the student's suspension?","score":1,"choices":["The student's suspension did not constitute a denial of due process.","The student's suspension was a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights to due process.","The school did not have the right to suspend the student without the presence of his parents at the hearing.","The student's suspension was a violation of the Eighth Amendment's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment.","The student's suspension violated his right to a fair trial.","The disciplinary code violated the student's Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.","The disciplinary code violated the student's right to a compulsory school education.","The school administration's decision was protected under the Tenth Amendment's guarantee of states' rights.","The student's suspension deprived him of liberty and property without due process, as guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment.","The student's conduct was protected under the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom of speech."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":880,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a joint tenancy with the right of survivorship, when one joint tenant dies, their interest in the property automatically passes to the surviving joint tenant(s). This means that the surviving joint tenant becomes the sole owner of the property free of any liens or encumbrances that were attached to the deceased joint tenant's interest. Therefore, any lien on the first cousin's interest would be extinguished upon his death.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Two cousins took title to real estate as joint tenants with the right of survivorship. The first cousin put up his interest in the joint tenancy as security for a $20,000 loan and signed a judgment note. It was later entered as a judgment against the first cousin's interest in the real estate. The first cousin died a year later. The second cousin decided to sell the property, but the mortgagee filed an action to prevent the sale and to enforce his interest in the property. The second cousin defended on the basis that any lien on the first cousin's interest in the property was extinguished on the first cousin's death. Will the court enforce the lien of the mortgagee against the sale of the property by the surviving second cousin?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the second cousin's assent to the judgment lien was presumed by law and that assent destroyed the joint tenancy.","Yes, because the mortgagee has the right to enforce his interest in the property to recover the loan.","No, because a joint tenant cannot legally file a judgment note on just that joint tenant's interest because it would be an unconstitutional interference with the other's property rights.","No, because when the first cousin died the second cousin became the sole owner due to the right of survivorship, as per the joint tenancy which was still fully intact.","Yes, because a mortgage or judgment lien against one joint tenant destroys the tenancy and destroys the right of survivorship.","No, because the first cousin's debt did not affect the second cousin's rights to the property.","Yes, because the mortgagee has a valid claim to the property due to the first cousin's unpaid loan.","Yes, because the first cousin's debt was not settled before his death, hence the property cannot be sold until the debt is settled.","No, because the second cousin did not have knowledge of the first cousin's debt before his death."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":881,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The defense's question is based on speculation and does not directly relate to the witness's testimony or knowledge. The question suggests a possibility without any supporting evidence and is designed to cast doubt without a factual basis. Courts typically sustain objections to questions that are speculative and not grounded in the evidence presented.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A teenage male was on trial on charges of illegally entering an owner's property and stealing a car. The witness can only confirm for the prosecution that a car was stolen, the model and type of car, and that it was missing from the property on a certain date. The defense asks witness \"isn't it possible that my client did not steal the car, that someone else did it, and that the police are lying about the charges against him? The prosecution objected to the question. Will the court likely sustain the objection?","score":1,"choices":["No, as it is essential for the defense to create reasonable doubt in the minds of the jury.","Yes, because the question is not directly related to the charges against the defendant.","Yes, because this is an objectionable question based on pure speculation.","No, because the defense is merely suggesting a possibility, not stating it as fact.","No, because the defense has the right to question every aspect of the prosecution's case.","Yes, because it is not permissible to question the credibility of the police without substantial supporting evidence.","No, questioning about the possibility of other perpetrators, or about police misconduct, is always permissible.","No, because the witness may know something that he is not revealing and for that reason, a cross-examiner is given wide latitude in questioning."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":882,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In legal proceedings, character evidence is generally not admissible to prove that a person acted in accordance with that character on a particular occasion. The best argument against the admissibility of the man's evidence about his honesty during his political campaign is that it is an impermissible way to prove character in the context of the tax fraud case.\nAnswer: G","question":"A man was charged with tax fraud. He wished to offer evidence, on his behalf, of his honesty while running for mayor. During his political campaign, he refused to lie about a psychiatric problem in his past, and his honesty cost him the election. The man was quoted as saying, \"If I lied, I'd be mayor today, but that's no way to win an election. \"The BEST argument of the objector to such evidence in the tax fraud case would be which of the following?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant's honesty during his political campaign has no bearing on his honesty in financial matters.","The evidence is biased as it is coming from the defendant himself.","The man's honesty in one situation doesn't necessarily apply to all situations.","Character evidence is not admissible in such cases.","One incident doesn't prove character.","The evidence could sway the jury's opinion unfairly.","This is an impermissible way to prove character.","The tax fraud case and the political campaign are two separate incidents.","The incident is too far in the past to be relevant."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":883,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. H.L.A. Hart, a legal philosopher, made a distinction between 'being obliged' and 'having an obligation' to illuminate the concept of a rule. According to Hart, 'being obliged' refers to situations where individuals feel compelled to act due to external pressures or threats, while 'having an obligation' refers to situations where individuals recognize and accept a rule as binding within a social context. This distinction helps clarify how rules function within a legal system.\nAnswer: B","question":"Which statement best explains the purpose of Hart's distinction between 'being obliged' and 'having an obligation'?","score":1,"choices":["It refutes the natural lawyer' view of the role of morality in law.","It illuminates the concept of a rule.","It differentiates between formal and substantive justice.","It highlights the importance of individual rights in law.","It clarifies the relationship between law and society.","It explains the nature of power-conferring rules.","It distinguishes between legal and ethical obligations.","It provides a guideline for the application of laws.","It explains the role of judicial discretion in the law."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":884,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Maine's aphorism is often misunderstood because people tend to interpret it as a prediction about the future development of societies, rather than as an observation about historical trends. This misinterpretation leads to confusion about the applicability and implications of his statement.\nAnswer: B","question":"Maine's famous aphorism that 'the movement of progressive societies has hitherto been a movement from Status to Contract' is often misunderstood. In what way?","score":1,"choices":["His concept of status is misrepresented.","It is misinterpreted as a prediction.","His idea is considered inapplicable to Western legal systems.","It is incorrectly related to economic progression.","It is taken literally.","His use of the word 'progressive' is often misconstrued.","His concept of 'contract' is often misinterpreted."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":885,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Maine's aphorism about the movement from status to contract is often misunderstood in that it is wrongly considered to be a universal rule. He was describing a historical trend observed in certain societies, particularly Western ones, rather than making a universal claim applicable to all societies.\nAnswer: B","question":"Maine's famous aphorism that 'the movement of progressive societies has hitherto been a movement from Status to Contract' is often misunderstood. In what way?","score":0,"choices":["His concept of status is misrepresented.","It is wrongly considered to be a universal rule.","It is misinterpreted as a prediction.","His idea is considered inapplicable to Western legal systems.","It is incorrectly related to economic progression.","It is taken literally.","The historical context of the aphorism is often overlooked.","His use of the word 'progressive' is often misconstrued.","His concept of 'contract' is often misinterpreted.","It is mistakenly thought to apply to all types of societies."],"correct":"C","answer":"B"}
{"number":886,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. H.L.A. Hart's concept of law includes the 'internal point of view,' which is crucial in distinguishing social rules from mere group habits. The internal point of view refers to the perspective of individuals who accept and understand the rules as standards that guide and justify their behavior, rather than just observing them as external constraints.\nAnswer: A","question":"Which of the following purposes does the 'internal point of view' play in Hart's concept of law?","score":1,"choices":["It distinguishes social rules from mere group habits.","It defines the judicial function.","It illustrates the authority of the legislature.","It stresses the relationship between law and justice."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":887,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Ã‰mile Durkheim, a prominent sociologist, viewed punishment primarily as a means of reinforcing the collective conscience and maintaining social solidarity. He believed that punishment serves to uphold societal norms and values by demonstrating the consequences of deviant behavior, thereby educating society about moral boundaries.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Which statement below best represents Durkheim's view of the function of punishment?","score":0,"choices":["Vengeance.","Deterrence.","Restoration.","Moral education.","Indemnification.","Rehabilitation.","Social control.","Incapacitation.","Desert."],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":888,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Naturalism (or natural law) is based on the idea that laws are derived from universal moral principles inherent in human nature, which are objective and unchanging. Positivism, on the other hand, holds that laws are rules created by human authorities (such as states) and are not necessarily tied to moral principles but rather to the interests and desires of those who create them.\nAnswer: A","question":"What is the major difference between naturalism and positivism?","score":1,"choices":["On the one hand, naturalism is based on a set of rules that are of universal and objective scope and on the other hand, positivism is based on a structured and coherent legal system that is created by States in light of their interests and desires","While naturalism serves only the theory human rights law, positivism has a wider and more general scope","Naturalism concerns the underpinning values of the international society, while positivism the international rules as such","Naturalism is a school of thought advocated outside of Europe, while positivism is Euro-centric theory"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":889,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Naturalism (or natural law theory) is based on the idea that laws are derived from inherent moral principles and values that are universal and objective. Positivism, on the other hand, is based on the idea that laws are created by states and are structured, coherent systems reflecting the interests and desires of those states. This distinction highlights how naturalism focuses on universal moral principles, while positivism emphasizes the constructed nature of legal systems by human authorities.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"What is the major difference between naturalism and positivism?","score":1,"choices":["Naturalism concerns the underpinning values of the international society, while positivism the international rules as such","Naturalism is a contemporary theory, while positivism is a traditional theory","On the one hand, naturalism is based on a set of rules that are of universal and objective scope and on the other hand, positivism is based on a structured and coherent legal system that is created by States in light of their interests and desires","Naturalism argues that laws are inherently subjective and influenced by personal beliefs, while positivism argues that laws are objective and universally applicable","Naturalism focuses on the interpretation of law, while positivism focuses on the enforcement of law","Naturalism is a theory of law that is subjective and varies from person to person, while positivism is a theory of law that is objective and the same for everyone.","Naturalism is a school of thought advocated outside of Europe, while positivism is Euro-centric theory","Naturalism is a theory of law that relies on the inherent morality of a society, while positivism relies on the codification of laws by a governing body","While naturalism serves only the theory human rights law, positivism has a wider and more general scope","Naturalism is concerned with the moral aspects of law, while positivism is concerned with the legal aspects of law"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":890,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. Prior to the United Nations Charter, the use of armed force was indeed regulated under international law, but not as strictly as it is today. The League of Nations and various treaties attempted to place restrictions on the use of force, but these were not always effective or universally adhered to. Generally, states had more freedom to use armed force, subject to fewer restrictions compared to the post-1945 era.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Was the use of armed force permitted prior to the United Nations Charter?","score":1,"choices":["Armed force was only permitted in self-defense","Armed force was permitted with many restrictions","Armed force was not regulated under international law prior to 1945","Armed force was permitted but required approval from an international body","Armed force was prohibited","Armed force was permitted but required approval from the countries involved","Armed force was permitted subject to few restrictions","Armed force was permitted with no restrictions","Armed force was permitted with the consent of all nations","Armed force was not permitted under any circumstances"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":891,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. In cases involving election laws and ballot access, courts often apply a standard of review that examines whether the law serves a compelling state interest and whether it is narrowly tailored to achieve that interest. The state's strongest argument would be that the authenticating requirement is necessary to further a compelling state interest, such as preventing election fraud or ensuring that candidates have a significant level of support before being placed on the ballot.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A resident announced his candidacy for state representative. A law in the state requires new political entrants (regardless of party affiliation) to obtain three times the number of signatures as other candidates who have run for office previously. The resident, however, failed to obtain the necessary number of authenticating signatures to have his name placed on the ballot. The resident filed a complaint in federal district court alleging the unconstitutionality of the authenticating requirement. Which of the following, if established, is the state's strongest argument for sustaining the validity of the authenticating requirement?","score":1,"choices":["The resident's petition contained a large number of false signatures.","A similar authenticating statute was held to be constitutional in another state the previous year.","The authenticating requirement was necessary to further a compelling state interest.","Two other candidates had successfully petitioned to have their names included on the ballot."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":892,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The strongest argument for sustaining the validity of the authenticating requirement would need to demonstrate that the law serves a significant and legitimate state interest. The most compelling argument would be one that shows the requirement is necessary to further a compelling state interest, which can justify the additional burden placed on new political entrants.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A resident announced his candidacy for state representative. A law in the state requires new political entrants (regardless of party affiliation) to obtain three times the number of signatures as other candidates who have run for office previously. The resident, however, failed to obtain the necessary number of authenticating signatures to have his name placed on the ballot. The resident filed a complaint in federal district court alleging the unconstitutionality of the authenticating requirement. Which of the following, if established, is the state's strongest argument for sustaining the validity of the authenticating requirement?","score":1,"choices":["A similar authenticating statute was held to be constitutional in another state the previous year.","Other states also have similar authenticating requirements.","The authenticating requirement ensures that only serious and committed candidates run for office.","The resident did not actively campaign to get the necessary signatures.","The authenticating requirement was introduced to reduce the number of frivolous candidates.","The authenticating requirement was necessary to further a compelling state interest.","Two other candidates had successfully petitioned to have their names included on the ballot.","The resident has a history of fraudulent activities.","The resident could have obtained the necessary signatures if he had started collecting them earlier.","The resident's petition contained a large number of false signatures."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":893,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. Receiving stolen property involves knowingly accepting or buying property that has been stolen. In this scenario, the defendant did not initially know the music player was stolen, but upon discovering it, she decided to keep it, which shows intent to permanently deprive the owner of it.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant met her friend at the electronics store where the friend worked. Unbeknownst to the defendant, her friend had taken a music player from the display case and stuffed it in her bag earlier in the day. Knowing that employees are subject to search when they leave the store, the friend surreptitiously put the music player into the defendant's bag. The defendant and her friend proceeded to a local tavern and drank shots of tequila. The friend became intoxicated and forgot to retrieve the stolen music player from the defendant's bag. After leaving the tavern, the defendant proceeded home. Upon opening her bag, she was surprised to see the music player. Believing that the music player had accidentally fallen into her bag at the bar, the defendant planned to return it the next day. The following day, however, the defendant changed her mind and decided to keep it. The defendant is guilty of","score":0,"choices":["larceny.","possession of stolen property.","burglary.","receiving stolen property.","theft.","robbery.","neither receiving stolen property nor larceny.","receiving stolen property and larceny.","conspiracy to commit theft.","aiding and abetting theft."],"correct":"G","answer":"A"}
{"number":894,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. Receiving stolen property involves knowingly accepting, buying, or concealing items that have been stolen. In this scenario, the defendant did not initially know the music player was stolen and had no intent to steal it when she found it in her bag. However, upon deciding to keep it after discovering it was not hers, she formed the intent to permanently deprive the owner of it.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant met her friend at the electronics store where the friend worked. Unbeknownst to the defendant, her friend had taken a music player from the display case and stuffed it in her bag earlier in the day. Knowing that employees are subject to search when they leave the store, the friend surreptitiously put the music player into the defendant's bag. The defendant and her friend proceeded to a local tavern and drank shots of tequila. The friend became intoxicated and forgot to retrieve the stolen music player from the defendant's bag. After leaving the tavern, the defendant proceeded home. Upon opening her bag, she was surprised to see the music player. Believing that the music player had accidentally fallen into her bag at the bar, the defendant planned to return it the next day. The following day, however, the defendant changed her mind and decided to keep it. The defendant is guilty of","score":0,"choices":["larceny.","possession of stolen property.","burglary.","receiving stolen property.","theft.","robbery.","neither receiving stolen property nor larceny.","receiving stolen property and larceny.","conspiracy to commit theft.","aiding and abetting theft."],"correct":"G","answer":"A"}
{"number":895,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its use. In this case, since they had an oral agreement of shared ownership and the man was making the loan payments, it is unlikely that he could be convicted of larceny because he had a claim to ownership.\n\nCriminal mischief involves intentionally damaging property belonging to another or shared property. Here, even though they had a shared ownership agreement, his intentional act of destroying the car out of spite can be considered criminal mischief because it involved damaging shared property.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A man and a woman who were friends decided to buy a car together. The man put $5,000 down and the woman's father co-signed on the loan of $10,000. The title was put in the woman's name and the man made the loan payments. They orally agreed that it was a shared ownership, with equal rights. After several months, their relationship deteriorated. They argued over ownership and use of the car. One day, the man attempted to leave with the car, but the woman climbed in and kept arguing as he was driving away. He then crashed into a pole and destroyed the car just to spite her, saying that if he couldn't have it no one would have it. The authorities arrested the man for auto larceny (stealing a car from the owner) and criminal mischief (damaging property of another or property shared with another). Assuming the accuracy of the foregoing facts beyond a reasonable doubt, which crime or crimes alleged can likely result in a sustainable conviction?","score":1,"choices":["He can be convicted of a different crime not listed.","He can be convicted of criminal mischief and a different crime not listed.","He cannot be convicted of larceny, but he can be convicted of a different crime not listed.","He cannot be convicted of any crime.","He can be convicted of both larceny and criminal mischief.","He can be convicted of larceny but he cannot be convicted of criminal mischief.","He can be convicted of both larceny and a different crime not listed.","He can be convicted of criminal mischief only.","He can be convicted of larceny only.","He can be convicted of neither larceny nor criminal mischief due to shared ownership."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":896,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. For auto larceny, the prosecution must prove that the man took the car with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of it. Given their shared ownership agreement, this would be difficult to establish beyond a reasonable doubt. However, criminal mischief involves intentionally damaging property, which he clearly did by crashing the car into a pole out of spite. Therefore, he can likely be convicted of criminal mischief but not larceny due to the shared ownership.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A man and a woman who were friends decided to buy a car together. The man put $5,000 down and the woman's father co-signed on the loan of $10,000. The title was put in the woman's name and the man made the loan payments. They orally agreed that it was a shared ownership, with equal rights. After several months, their relationship deteriorated. They argued over ownership and use of the car. One day, the man attempted to leave with the car, but the woman climbed in and kept arguing as he was driving away. He then crashed into a pole and destroyed the car just to spite her, saying that if he couldn't have it no one would have it. The authorities arrested the man for auto larceny (stealing a car from the owner) and criminal mischief (damaging property of another or property shared with another). Assuming the accuracy of the foregoing facts beyond a reasonable doubt, which crime or crimes alleged can likely result in a sustainable conviction?","score":1,"choices":["He can be convicted of a different crime not listed.","He can be convicted of criminal mischief and a different crime not listed.","He cannot be convicted of larceny, but he can be convicted of a different crime not listed.","He cannot be convicted of any crime.","He can be convicted of both larceny and criminal mischief.","He can be convicted of larceny but he cannot be convicted of criminal mischief.","He can be convicted of both larceny and a different crime not listed.","He can be convicted of criminal mischief only.","He can be convicted of larceny only.","He can be convicted of neither larceny nor criminal mischief due to shared ownership."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":897,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Arson typically requires a willful and malicious intent to set fire to property. In this scenario, the defendant did not intentionally set the fire; it was an accident caused by negligence. The key element of \"malice\" is missing here, which is crucial for an arson charge.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A defendant and his friend were drinking heavily one night at the friend's house. They both became intoxicated. After several hours, both the friend and the defendant passed out. In the middle of the night, the defendant awoke with a headache. He went down to the kitchen and poured himself another shot of whiskey. The defendant also felt hungry and decided to make himself some eggs. After fixing his snack, he inadvertently forgot to turn off the stove. A gas leak occurred, causing a fire that burned down the house. If the defendant is charged with arson, he will be found","score":1,"choices":["guilty, because the defendant was reckless.","not guilty, because he was not aware of the gas leak.","guilty, because the defendant was criminally negligent.","not guilty, because the defendant did not commit a felony.","guilty, because he caused property damage.","guilty, because he was intoxicated.","not guilty, because arson requires the presence of malice.","guilty, because he failed to turn off the stove."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":898,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In this scenario, the defendant did not have the intent to kill or harm the victim, as she was unaware of the victim's presence behind the curtain. The act was accidental and occurred during a rehearsal for a play. \n\nFor a charge of murder (first-degree or second-degree), there must be intent to kill or cause serious harm, or reckless disregard for human life. Manslaughter typically involves a killing that occurs in the heat of passion or due to reckless behavior without intent to kill.\n\nNegligent homicide involves causing death through criminal negligence, which might be applicable here since the defendant's actions were careless and resulted in death. However, given that this was an accident during a rehearsal with no knowledge of the victim's presence, it is more likely that the defendant would be found not guilty due to lack of intent and awareness.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant and a victim were roommates at college. The defendant was playing the role of a serial killer in the school play and asked the victim if she could leave their apartment for a few hours while she rehearsed. The victim agreed but returned to the apartment shortly thereafter because she was curious and wanted to see the defendant rehearse. The victim quietly came back into the apartment and hid behind some curtains in the dining room in order to watch the defendant rehearse. In her role, the defendant earned a large butcher's knife, with which she stabbed the curtains at her \"victim. \" Unknown to the defendant, the victim, who was hiding behind the curtain, was stabbed in the chest and killed. If the defendant is prosecuted for the victim's death, she should be found","score":1,"choices":["guilty of attempted murder.","guilty of manslaughter.","not guilty.","guilty of battery.","guilty of negligent homicide.","guilty of murder.","guilty of reckless endangerment.","guilty of second-degree murder.","guilty of first-degree murder.","guilty of aggravated assault."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":899,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In this scenario, the wife's proposed testimony involves two key legal concepts: hearsay and marital privilege.\n\n1. **Hearsay**: The man's confession to his wife is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (that he stole the money). Generally, hearsay is inadmissible unless it falls within a recognized exception. However, a statement made by a party-opponent (the defendant in this case) is not considered hearsay under Federal Rules of Evidence Rule 801(d)(2).\n\n2. **Marital Privilege**: There are two types of marital privileges:\n   - **Spousal Testimonial Privilege**: This allows one spouse to refuse to testify against the other in criminal cases. However, this privilege belongs to the testifying spouse (the wife in this case), and she is willing to testify.\n   - **Confidential Marital Communications Privilege**: This protects private communications between spouses made during the marriage. The communication in question (the man's confession) would typically be considered privileged.\n\nGiven these considerations, the wife's testimony would be inadmissible because it discloses a privileged communication, even though it is not hearsay due to the party-opponent rule.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man and a woman were passengers on a plane. They were seated next to one another in the first- class section of the plane. Midway through the flight, the woman excused herself and went to the restroom. While she was gone, the man rummaged through the woman's purse and stole $100 in cash. Unknown to the man, a flight attendant saw him steal the money. As is customary in such situations, the flight attendant radioed ahead, and police officers arrested the man when the plane landed. The man was subsequently charged with violating an applicable federal larceny statute. During the trial, the prosecuting attorney called the man's wife as a willing witness against her husband. She proposed to testify that the man confided to her that he did steal the woman's money during the flight. The man's attorney objected on the grounds of hearsay and privilege. The wife's proposed testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because it is privileged, though it is not hearsay.","admissible, because it is neither hearsay nor privileged.","admissible, because it is hearsay within a recognized exception and not privileged.","inadmissible, both because it discloses a privileged communication and because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible, both because it discloses a privileged communication and because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception, and it discloses a privileged communication.","inadmissible, because it discloses a privileged communication, though it is not hearsay.","admissible, both because it does not disclose a privileged communication and because it is hearsay within a recognized exception.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay within a recognized exception, though it is not privileged.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception, though it is not privileged."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":900,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the legislation provided in the context for help. According to Section 140.10 of the Criminal Procedure Law, a police officer may arrest a person without a warrant under certain conditions:\n\n- For any offense committed in the officer's presence (misdemeanor or felony).\n- For a crime (felony) when the officer has reasonable cause to believe that such person has committed it, whether in his presence or otherwise.\n- For a petty offense under specific geographical and procedural constraints.\n\nGiven these points, all options except one align with these provisions. The key distinction is that an officer must have probable cause for a felony but does not necessarily need to witness it directly, whereas misdemeanors generally require the offense to be committed in the officer's presence.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Arrests may occasionally be made without a warrant. Which of the following is not one of those circumstances?","score":1,"choices":["A misdemeanor has occurred, and an officer must believe that the person he has arrested committed it.","An officer must have probable cause that a felony has occurred and that the arrested person committed it.","An officer may arrest for a felony committed in his presence.","An officer may arrest for a misdemeanor that is a breach of peace and committed in arresting party's presence."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":901,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Generally, arrests without a warrant can be made under certain circumstances, such as when an officer has probable cause to believe a felony has been committed, or when a misdemeanor is committed in the officer's presence. However, arresting someone for a misdemeanor that is not a breach of peace and committed out of the arresting party's presence does not typically fall within these exceptions.\nAnswer: A","question":"Arrests may occasionally be made without a warrant. Which of the following is not one of those circumstances?","score":0,"choices":["An officer may arrest for a misdemeanor that is not a breach of peace and committed out of arresting party's presence.","An officer must have probable cause that a felony has occurred and that the arrested person committed it.","An officer may arrest for a misdemeanor committed in their presence without any evidence.","An officer may arrest a person if they are suspected of committing a misdemeanor that has not yet occurred.","An officer may arrest a person if they have committed a felony, regardless of the officer's presence during the crime.","An officer may arrest if he suspects a person will commit a felony in the future.","A misdemeanor has occurred, and an officer must believe that the person he has arrested committed it.","An officer may arrest for a misdemeanor that is a breach of peace and committed in arresting party's presence.","An officer may arrest a person based on a tip from an unverified source.","An officer may arrest for a felony committed in his presence."],"correct":"G","answer":"A"}
{"number":902,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. In lease agreements, the original tenant remains liable for rent payments unless there is a novation, which is a new contract that releases the original tenant from liability. In this case, there is no indication of a novation; hence, the tenant remains liable for the rent even after assigning the lease to others.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A landlord is the owner in fee simple of a tract of land on which is situated a large office building. The landlord leases the land and building thereon to a tenant for a term of seven years, commencing on August 1, 2001, and terminating at midnight on July 31, 2008. The lease contains the following provisions:\"(1) The tenant covenants to pay the rent of $750 per month on the first day of each month. \"After three years of the lease had expired, the tenant assigned the entire balance of the lease period to an attorney, who took immediate possession of the leased property. Then in 2005, the attorney assigned his leasehold interest to a doctor. The doctor went into possession, but failed to pay any rent for two months. After the doctor failed to make his rental payments for the first two months of his lease, the landlord brought suit against the tenant to recover for the unpaid rent. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the tenant, because he was not directly responsible for the doctor's failure to pay rent.","the landlord, because the tenant and the assignees breached the lease agreement.","the tenant, because the landlord did not take action when the doctor failed to pay rent.","the tenant, because the doctor, as assignee, would only be held liable.","the tenant, because the landlord did not formally approve the assignments.","the landlord, because he did not object to the assignments.","the landlord, because the doctor, as the final assignee, failed to fulfill his obligation to pay rent.","the tenant, because his assignment to the attorney constituted a novation, thereby extinguishing his obligation to pay rent.","the landlord, because the tenant's contractual obligation under the lease survived the assignments.","the landlord, because the attorney failed to pay rent for two months."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":903,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In lease agreements, the original tenant (lessee) remains liable for the rent unless there is a novation, which is a new agreement that releases the original tenant from their obligations and substitutes a new party. An assignment of the lease does not automatically release the original tenant from their obligations under the lease. Therefore, unless there was a novation (which there was not in this case), the original tenant remains liable for unpaid rent even after assigning the lease to another party.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A landlord is the owner in fee simple of a tract of land on which is situated a large office building. The landlord leases the land and building thereon to a tenant for a term of seven years, commencing on August 1, 2001, and terminating at midnight on July 31, 2008. The lease contains the following provisions:\"(1) The tenant covenants to pay the rent of $750 per month on the first day of each month. \"After three years of the lease had expired, the tenant assigned the entire balance of the lease period to an attorney, who took immediate possession of the leased property. Then in 2005, the attorney assigned his leasehold interest to a doctor. The doctor went into possession, but failed to pay any rent for two months. After the doctor failed to make his rental payments for the first two months of his lease, the landlord brought suit against the tenant to recover for the unpaid rent. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the tenant, because he was not directly responsible for the doctor's failure to pay rent.","the landlord, because the tenant and the assignees breached the lease agreement.","the tenant, because the landlord did not take action when the doctor failed to pay rent.","the tenant, because the doctor, as assignee, would only be held liable.","the tenant, because the landlord did not formally approve the assignments.","the landlord, because he did not object to the assignments.","the landlord, because the doctor, as the final assignee, failed to fulfill his obligation to pay rent.","the tenant, because his assignment to the attorney constituted a novation, thereby extinguishing his obligation to pay rent.","the landlord, because the tenant's contractual obligation under the lease survived the assignments.","the landlord, because the attorney failed to pay rent for two months."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":904,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The Statute of Frauds requires certain contracts to be in writing to be enforceable, including contracts for the sale of goods priced at $500 or more. Since the original contract was for $4,000 worth of gidgets, it falls under the Statute of Frauds. Any modification to such a contract that changes a material term (such as quantity) must also be in writing to be enforceable. The telephone conversation does not satisfy this requirement.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A buyer contracted in writing to purchase 1,000 gidgets (which are similar to widgets but are more popular because of their greater durability and- resiliency) from a manufacturer for a total contract price of $4,000. After this agreement was executed and before delivery, the buyer and the manufacturer agreed in a telephone conversation to change the quantity term from 1,000 to 800 gidgets. This modification is probably unenforceable, because","score":1,"choices":["it violates the statute of frauds.","there was no consideration.","the original contract was in writing.","the parol evidence rule bars contradictory terms."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":905,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Statute of Frauds, certain types of contracts must be in writing to be enforceable, including contracts for the sale of goods priced at $500 or more. The original contract was for $4,000 and was in writing. Any modification to such a contract that changes a material term (such as quantity) must also be in writing to be enforceable. Therefore, the verbal agreement to change the quantity term is unenforceable because it violates the Statute of Frauds.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A buyer contracted in writing to purchase 1,000 gidgets (which are similar to widgets but are more popular because of their greater durability and- resiliency) from a manufacturer for a total contract price of $4,000. After this agreement was executed and before delivery, the buyer and the manufacturer agreed in a telephone conversation to change the quantity term from 1,000 to 800 gidgets. This modification is probably unenforceable, because","score":1,"choices":["it violates the statute of frauds.","the buyer did not provide sufficient notice.","it was a verbal agreement, not a written one.","the parol evidence rule bars contradictory terms.","the manufacturer did not agree to the modification.","the original contract was in writing.","the price was not adjusted to reflect the change in quantity.","there was no consideration.","the telephone conversation was not recorded.","there was no written agreement to the modification."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":906,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In this scenario, the defendant told the two men about the warehouse, which implies involvement before the crime was committed. This makes him an accessory before the fact, as he provided information that facilitated the crime but did not directly participate in the act itself.\nAnswer: F","question":"Two men were told by the defendant that a medical devices company was now using the old warehouse on the river for storing its supply of defibrillators. Late one night, the two men broke into the warehouse and proceeded to load the large crates of defibrillators onto their truck. As they were leaving, one of the men inadvertently threw his cigarette butt into a refuse pile of old cardboard boxes and papers. Soon afterward, the refuse ignited into a small fire. Although the men had time to douse the fire without any danger to themselves, they did not do so. Instead, they fled. Meanwhile, the fire quickly spread, engulfing the entire warehouse in flames. If the defendant is later charged as a co-conspirator, in all likelihood he would be held responsible as","score":0,"choices":["a direct participant.","an accessory after the fact.","a principal in the second degree.","an accomplice.","an indirect participant.","an accessory before the fact.","not respbnsible.","a primary offender.","a principal in the first degree.","a conspirator."],"correct":"G","answer":"F"}
{"number":907,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In this scenario, the son is an intended third-party beneficiary of the contract between the owner and the landscaper. The landscaper intended for his son to receive the $5,000 as a graduation present, which was explicitly stated in the contract. As an intended beneficiary, the son has legal standing to enforce the contract once he learns of it and his rights vest.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"An owner entered into a written contract with a landscaper whereby the landscaper promised to landscape the exterior of the owner's house for the sum of $5,000. According to their agreement, the owner was to pay the money to the landscaper's son. The landscaper intended to have the $5,000 given to his son as a graduation present. After the landscaper completed the job, the landscaper requested that the owner pay the $5,000 to him instead of to his son. The owner paid the landscaper. The next day, the son learned of the contract between the landscaper and the owner, as well as the payment to his father. In an action by the son against the owner for $5,000, the plaintiff will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the written contract between the owner and the landscaper operated as a valid assignment to the son.","prevail, because the son was the intended beneficiary under the terms of the written contract between the owner and the landscaper.","not prevail, because the son did not give any consideration.","prevail, because the owner had a duty to honor the original agreement.","not prevail, because the landscaper, as the original contractor, had the right to alter the terms of payment.","not prevail, because the son was not a party to the original contract.","not prevail, because the son was not directly involved in the contractual agreement.","prevail, because the owner breached the contract by not paying the son.","prevail, because the son was a third party beneficiary of the contract.","not prevail, because the owner and the landscaper effectively modified their agreement, thereby depriving the son of any rights he may have had."],"correct":"J","answer":"B"}
{"number":908,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In this scenario, the son is an intended third-party beneficiary of the contract between the owner and the landscaper. As an intended beneficiary, the son has rights under the contract once he becomes aware of it and accepts it. The landscaper's request to change the payment terms after completing the job does not negate the son's rights as an intended beneficiary.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"An owner entered into a written contract with a landscaper whereby the landscaper promised to landscape the exterior of the owner's house for the sum of $5,000. According to their agreement, the owner was to pay the money to the landscaper's son. The landscaper intended to have the $5,000 given to his son as a graduation present. After the landscaper completed the job, the landscaper requested that the owner pay the $5,000 to him instead of to his son. The owner paid the landscaper. The next day, the son learned of the contract between the landscaper and the owner, as well as the payment to his father. In an action by the son against the owner for $5,000, the plaintiff will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the written contract between the owner and the landscaper operated as a valid assignment to the son.","prevail, because the son was the intended beneficiary under the terms of the written contract between the owner and the landscaper.","not prevail, because the son did not give any consideration.","prevail, because the owner had a duty to honor the original agreement.","not prevail, because the landscaper, as the original contractor, had the right to alter the terms of payment.","not prevail, because the son was not a party to the original contract.","not prevail, because the son was not directly involved in the contractual agreement.","prevail, because the owner breached the contract by not paying the son.","prevail, because the son was a third party beneficiary of the contract.","not prevail, because the owner and the landscaper effectively modified their agreement, thereby depriving the son of any rights he may have had."],"correct":"J","answer":"B"}
{"number":909,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The deed from the conservationist to his nephew created a fee simple subject to condition subsequent, with a right of re-entry for the grantor or his successors if the condition (no commercial use) was violated. This restriction was properly recorded, so it should be enforceable against subsequent purchasers who have notice of it.\n\nThe developer's deed did not mention the restriction, but the recording statute protects only those who purchase without notice of prior recorded interests. Since the restriction was recorded, the developer is deemed to have constructive notice of it.\n\nTherefore, the daughters, as successors in interest to the conservationist, retain the right of re-entry upon breach of the condition. The developer's construction of a hotel constitutes a breach of this condition.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"In 1981, a devoted conservationist, was the owner of a 100-acre tract of undeveloped land. In that year, the conservationist conveyed the tract \"to my nephew in fee simple, provided, however, that the grantee agrees that neither he nor his heirs or assigns shall ever use the property for any commercial purpose. If any portion of said tract is used for other than residential purposes, then the grantor or his successors in interest may re-enter as of the grantor's former estate. \" This deed was properly recorded. The nephew died intestate in 1999, survived by his wife. The conservationist died in 2002, survived by his two daughters, his only heirs. During the period between 1981 and 2007, the spreading development from a nearby city began to engulf the tract. Though still undeveloped, the tract became surrounded by office buildings, shopping malls, and other commercial edifices. In 2009, the wife executed and delivered to a developer a fee simple conveyance of the tract, which the developer immediately recorded. The deed did not contain any reference to the restriction noted above. After the developer acquired title to the tract, he commenced construction of a hotel complex on a portion of the tract that bordered an apartment building. The applicable recording statute in effect in this jurisdiction provides, in part, \"No deed or other instrument in writing, not recorded in accordance with this statute, shall affect the title or rights to, in any real estate, or any devisee or purchaser in good faith, without knowledge of the existence of such unrecorded instruments. \"If one of the daughters brings suit to enjoin the developer from constructing the hotel, the plaintiff will most likely","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the developer was a bona fide purchaser for value without notice of the restriction.","win, because either daughter has the right of re-entry for condition broken.","win, because the restriction on commercial use was recorded and thus the developer should have been aware of it.","lose, because a common development scheme had been established for the entire tract.","win, because either daughter's right to the tract vested immediately upon the developer's construction of the hotel complex.","lose, because the restriction was not included in the deed from the wife to the developer.","lose, because the wife had the right to sell the property without any restrictions.","win, because the developer violated the deed's prohibition against commercial use.","win, because the daughters, as the conservationist's only heirs, received a valid possibility of reverter from their father.","lose, because the restriction on the use of the property is unenforceable."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":910,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Dormant Commerce Clause doctrine implies that state laws should not discriminate against or excessively burden interstate commerce. However, states can regulate local matters if the local interest (in this case, safety) outweighs the burden on interstate commerce. The key consideration here is whether the local interest in preventing violence at casinos outweighs the burden placed on interstate commerce.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state built a casino and issued bonds to finance its construction. On five occasions, there were episodes of violence in various casinos in the state. The state police attributed the violence to greed and fear at the casinos. To prevent such violence, the state legislature passes a statute prohibiting all gambling at privately owned casinos in the state. Is this law likely to be held constitutional if most casinos in the state were owned by those from out-of-state?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the act was expressly authorized by the state legislature.","Yes, but only if the local interest in safety outweighs the burden of interstate commerce.","No, because out-of-state casinos are part of interstate commerce.","No, because the statute violates the due process rights of the owners of the casinos."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":911,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The state has the power to regulate businesses within its borders, especially when it concerns public safety. However, such regulation must not unduly burden interstate commerce. The key consideration here is whether the local interest in safety outweighs the burden on interstate commerce. If the state's interest in preventing violence and ensuring public safety is significant enough, the law could be upheld as constitutional.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state built a casino and issued bonds to finance its construction. On five occasions, there were episodes of violence in various casinos in the state. The state police attributed the violence to greed and fear at the casinos. To prevent such violence, the state legislature passes a statute prohibiting all gambling at privately owned casinos in the state. Is this law likely to be held constitutional if most casinos in the state were owned by those from out-of-state?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the act was expressly authorized by the state legislature.","No, because the state does not have the authority to regulate commerce.","No, because this would infringe on the rights of out-of-state business owners.","Yes, but only if the casinos were given notice and an opportunity to be heard before the law was passed.","Yes, but only if the local interest in safety outweighs the burden of interstate commerce.","No, because the statute violates the due process rights of the owners of the casinos.","Yes, but only if the state can prove that the violence was directly caused by the casinos.","No, because out-of-state casinos are part of interstate commerce.","No, because the state cannot interfere with private businesses.","Yes, because the state has the power to regulate businesses within its borders."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":912,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The President has the authority to manage the executive branch, including setting hours of operation for federal agencies, as long as it does not contravene any existing statutes. Since Congress did not include a requirement for the agencies to be open five days per week in any statute, the President's order is within his constitutional powers.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Because of a sudden and unanticipated severe shortage of heating fuel, the President has ordered all offices of federal executive agencies to be open only four days per week. The President's order allows an exception to the extent that emergency circumstances require different hours of operation (as in the case of federal hospitals). When Congress enacted the appropriations statute for operating all federal executive agencies, its members assumed that the offices of those agencies would be open five days per week, but Congress did not include such a requirement in its appropriations statute or in any other statute. Is the President's order constitutional?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the heads of the various executive agencies have final responsibility for the operation of those agencies' offices.","No, because when they passed the statute appropriating monies for the operation of executive agencies, members of Congress assumed that those agencies' offices would be open five days per week.","Yes, because the Constitution vests the President with plenary authority to direct the administration of all federal agencies in any manner the President deems expedient.","Yes, because the order relates to the management of the executive branch and is not prohibited by any statute."],"correct":"B","answer":"D"}
{"number":913,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The President has broad authority to manage the executive branch and its operations, as long as such actions are not prohibited by statute. Since Congress did not specify the number of operational days in the appropriations statute, the President's order is within his constitutional powers to manage the executive branch efficiently, especially given the context of a severe shortage of heating fuel.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Because of a sudden and unanticipated severe shortage of heating fuel, the President has ordered all offices of federal executive agencies to be open only four days per week. The President's order allows an exception to the extent that emergency circumstances require different hours of operation (as in the case of federal hospitals). When Congress enacted the appropriations statute for operating all federal executive agencies, its members assumed that the offices of those agencies would be open five days per week, but Congress did not include such a requirement in its appropriations statute or in any other statute. Is the President's order constitutional?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the order relates to the management of the executive branch and is not prohibited by any statute.","Yes, because the President has the authority to modify operational days in case of emergencies.","No, because the President cannot change the operating days without a formal amendment to the appropriations statute.","Yes, because the appropriations statute does not specifically state the number of operational days.","No, because when they passed the statute appropriating monies for the operation of executive agencies, members of Congress assumed that those agencies' offices would be open five days per week.","No, because the President's order infringes on the rights of federal employees.","No, because the heads of the various executive agencies have final responsibility for the operation of those agencies' offices.","No, because a sudden and severe shortage of heating fuel does not constitute an emergency.","Yes, because the Constitution vests the President with plenary authority to direct the administration of all federal agencies in any manner the President deems expedient.","Yes, because the President's order still allows for exceptions in emergency circumstances."],"correct":"E","answer":"A"}
{"number":914,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The brokerage agreement specified that the broker would earn a commission upon the consummation of the sale and transfer of title. However, the owner decided not to sell the property despite the broker finding a buyer who was ready, willing, and able to purchase at a price higher than the minimum set in the agreement. This refusal without cause can be seen as excusing the consummation condition precedent to paying the commission.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"The owner of a large family estate decided to sell the property. The owner entered into a valid written brokerage agreement with a real estate broker. According to terms of the agreement, the broker promised to undertake best efforts to sell the estate for a purchase price of not less than $1,250,000. The contract also provided that the broker was to be paid a commission of 5 percent on the gross sale price following the consummation of the sale and transfer of title. The brokerage agreement was effective for a period of two months. One month later, the broker notified the owner that she had found a buyer who wanted to purchase the property for $1,500,000. That same day, the broker handed the owner a real estate sales contract, signed by the buyer, in which the buyer agreed to pay $1,500,000 for the purchase of the estate. The owner investigated the buyer and discovered he had sufficient funds to purchase the estate. However, the owner changed his mind and decided not to sell the property. He told the broker that he would not sign the agreement. In addition, the owner told the broker that he was canceling their brokerage agreement because he was withdrawing the estate from the market. The owner also refused to pay the broker any commission. If the broker now sues the owner for breach of contract, which of the following, if anything, is the broker's proper measure of recovery?","score":1,"choices":["$75,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for$1,500,000, plus punitive damages for breach of contract.","Nothing, because the owner has the right to withdraw the property from the market at any time.","$75,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for$1,500,000, since all conditions precedent to the owner's duty to pay the commission were fulfilled when the broker produced a buyer who was ready, willing and able to perform.","The broker can seek recovery for any expenses incurred during the process of finding a buyer.","Nothing, because a condition precedent, namely the consummation of the sale and transfer of title, has failed to occur.","$75,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for$1,500,000, since the consummation condition to the owner's duty to pay the commission was excused by the owner's refusal without cause to accept the buyer's offer and perform the land sale contract.","Quantum meruit for the reasonable value for services rendered in obtaining a buyer for the property.","$75,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for$1,500,000, since the broker had obtained a buyer who was willing and able to purchase at a price higher than the minimum set in the brokerage agreement.","$62,500, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the original minimum sale price of the property for $1,250,000, since the broker had fulfilled her duty by finding a potential buyer.","A court injunction forcing the owner to complete the sale, thus entitling the broker to the full commission."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":915,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Strict liability applies in cases where a person is held liable for damages or injuries regardless of fault or intent, often in situations involving inherently dangerous activities or wild animals. The resident kept a great white shark, which is considered a wild animal, and strict liability would apply to any harm caused by the animal. The neighbor's bronchitis developed as a result of being splashed by the shark, which falls under the category of harm caused by the wild animal.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A resident in an exclusive residential area is a marine biologist. To aid in his study of sharks, he had a large tank built in his backyard in which he placed a great white shark. Aside from a smell that emanated from the tank, some neighbors were concerned and afraid to let their children outside for fear that they would wander onto the resident's property. In order to convince his neighbors that they had nothing to fear, the resident invited them over to view the shark tank. While a neighbor was standing near the tank, the shark splashed its tail, and the neighbor got very wet. The neighbor, who had a cold, developed bronchitis. If the neighbor sues the resident for damages incurred from being drenched by the shark and bases her suit on strict liability, she will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not recover, because she suffered injury only because she had a cold and, therefore, was unusually vulnerable to harm from being splashed with water.","not recover, because the resident had taken all necessary precautions to ensure the shark could not harm anyone.","recover, because the resident intentionally placed the shark in an area where it could potentially harm others.","not recover, because the development of bronchitis was not a direct result of the resident's actions.","recover, because the possessor of wild animals is strictly liable for all injuries caused to others by the animals.","not recover, because she willingly chose to visit the resident's property and view the shark tank.","not recover, because she did not suffer the type of harm normally inflicted by a shark.","recover, because the smell from the shark tank was a nuisance.","recover, because the resident knowingly kept a dangerous wild animal in a residential area.","recover, because the resident failed to warn her of the potential risk of being splashed by the shark."],"correct":"G","answer":"E"}
{"number":916,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on federal jurisdiction for help. Federal courts have subject-matter jurisdiction based on either federal question jurisdiction or diversity jurisdiction. Diversity jurisdiction requires that the parties be citizens of different states and the amount in controversy exceed $75,000. Here, the wholesaler's counterclaim is for $60,000, which does not meet the amount in controversy requirement for diversity jurisdiction. However, since the wholesaler's counterclaim is related to the same transaction or occurrence as the distributor's claim against it, it falls under supplemental jurisdiction.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A shop owner domiciled in State A sued a distributor in a federal district court in State A for breach of a contract. The shop owner sought $100,000 in damages for allegedly defective goods that the distributor had provided under the contract. The distributor is incorporated in State B, with its principal place of business in State C. The distributor brought in as a third-party defendant the wholesaler that had provided the goods to the distributor, alleging that the wholesaler had a duty to indemnify the distributor for any damages recovered by the shop owner. The wholesaler is incorporated in State B, with its principal place of business in State A. The wholesaler has asserted a $60,000 counterclaim against the distributor for payment for the goods at issue, and the distributor has moved to dismiss the counterclaim for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction. Should the motion to dismiss be granted?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the distributor and the wholesaler conduct business in different states.","Yes, because there is no diversity of citizenship between the distributor and the wholesaler.","Yes, because the wholesaler's counterclaim is not directly related to the distributor's claim.","No, because the wholesaler's and the distributor's principal places of business are diverse.","No, because the distributor has invoked the jurisdiction of the court.","Yes, because the wholesaler's counterclaim is not a compulsory counterclaim.","No, because the wholesaler and distributor are incorporated in the same state.","No, because there is supplemental jurisdiction over the wholesaler's counterclaim.","Yes, because there is no diversity of citizenship between the shop owner and the wholesaler."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":917,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on federal jurisdiction for help. Federal courts have subject-matter jurisdiction based on either federal question or diversity of citizenship. Diversity jurisdiction requires that the parties be citizens of different states and that the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000. Here, the wholesaler is incorporated in State B and has its principal place of business in State A, while the distributor is incorporated in State B and has its principal place of business in State C. This means there is no diversity between the distributor and the wholesaler because they share incorporation in State B.\n\nHowever, the key point here is whether the court has supplemental jurisdiction over the wholesaler's counterclaim. Under 28 U.S.C. Â§ 1367, federal courts can exercise supplemental jurisdiction over claims that are so related to claims in the action within such original jurisdiction that they form part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution.\n\nSince the wholesaler's counterclaim against the distributor arises out of the same transaction or occurrence as the distributor's claim against the wholesaler (i.e., it involves payment for goods at issue), it would typically fall under supplemental jurisdiction.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A shop owner domiciled in State A sued a distributor in a federal district court in State A for breach of a contract. The shop owner sought $100,000 in damages for allegedly defective goods that the distributor had provided under the contract. The distributor is incorporated in State B, with its principal place of business in State C. The distributor brought in as a third-party defendant the wholesaler that had provided the goods to the distributor, alleging that the wholesaler had a duty to indemnify the distributor for any damages recovered by the shop owner. The wholesaler is incorporated in State B, with its principal place of business in State A. The wholesaler has asserted a $60,000 counterclaim against the distributor for payment for the goods at issue, and the distributor has moved to dismiss the counterclaim for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction. Should the motion to dismiss be granted?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the distributor and the wholesaler conduct business in different states.","Yes, because there is no diversity of citizenship between the distributor and the wholesaler.","Yes, because the wholesaler's counterclaim is not directly related to the distributor's claim.","No, because the wholesaler's and the distributor's principal places of business are diverse.","No, because the distributor has invoked the jurisdiction of the court.","Yes, because the amount in controversy does not meet the jurisdictional limit.","Yes, because the wholesaler's counterclaim is not a compulsory counterclaim.","No, because the wholesaler and distributor are incorporated in the same state.","No, because there is supplemental jurisdiction over the wholesaler's counterclaim.","Yes, because there is no diversity of citizenship between the shop owner and the wholesaler."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":918,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on premises liability for help. Stores have a duty to make their premises reasonably safe for customers. Given the history of criminal activity in the parking lot and the store's knowledge of these incidents, it can be argued that the store had a duty to take reasonable measures to ensure customer safety. The woman's claim is based on the store's failure to address known dangers, which makes her case stronger.\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman went to a nearby supermarket late one night. She parked in the store's parking lot, and while walking toward the building two masked males assaulted and raped her. The lot was poorly lit, had no security personnel, and was frequented by gang members. The police had several incident reports in the past 12 months documenting prior criminal activities, including some personal robberies and assaults, in the lot. The store itself had even more reports than the police. The woman sued the store for her injuries, claiming that it breached its duty to make the premises reasonably safe for its customers. Will she likely prevail?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, the store knew of previous criminal activities but did not take actions to prevent them.","No, the store owes no special duty of care to eliminate crime on the parking lot; it was up to the police to perform that task.","Yes, a store has a duty to protect its customers from all forms of harm.","No, the store cannot be held responsible for the actions of a third party.","No, the store cannot predict or prevent all possible criminal activities.","No, the occurrence of a rape of a customer was not a foreseeable event and the store had no duty to try and discover that such a potential danger could exist.","Yes, a store owner is the guarantor to every customer that he or she will be protected and safe when walking in the parking lot.","Yes, the store failed in its duty to provide adequate security measures.","No, the woman should have taken measures to protect herself.","Yes, a business will be liable for known conditions in the building or adjoining parking areas that are a danger to the personal safety and security of its customers."],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":919,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is whether the daughter, who received the property via a quitclaim deed, is liable for the mortgage debt. A quitclaim deed transfers whatever interest the grantor has in the property without warranties. However, it does not automatically transfer the obligation to pay any existing mortgage unless there is an explicit assumption of the debt by the grantee.\n\nIn this case, there was no explicit assumption of the mortgage debt by the daughter in the quitclaim deed or any other agreement. Therefore, she did not promise to pay the mortgage debt.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"In a jurisdiction using the grantor Â€Â”grantee indices, the following events have occurred in the order listed below:(1) In 1993, a borrower mortgaged a ranch to a mortgage company to secure a note for $25,000, due on December 31, 1993, with 9V2 percent interest per annum. (2) In 1996, the mortgage company recorded the mortgage on the ranch. (3) In 2007, in a signed writing, which the borrower delivered to his daughter, the borrower promised to convey the ranch to the daughter by a quitclaim deed and pay the mortgage debt when it came due. (4) In 2008, the borrower delivered to the daughter a quitclaim deed that made no reference to the mortgage. If the borrower thereafter defaulted on the mortgage and the mortgage company brought an in personam action against the daughter to recover the amount due on the mortgage debt, the mortgagee will probably","score":1,"choices":["not succeed, because the daughter was not a party to the original mortgage contract.","succeed, because the mortgage company has the right to seek payment from any party associated with the property.","succeed, because there was an implied delegation of duties to the daughter.","succeed, because the mortgage company is a third-party beneficiary of the agreement between the borrower and the daughter.","not succeed, because the daughter did not promise to pay the mortgage debt.","succeed, because the daughter took ownership of the property with the quitclaim deed.","not succeed, because the mortgage company did not record the mortgage until 1996.","not succeed, because the daughter was only promised the property, not the debt.","succeed, because the borrower defaulted on the mortgage.","not succeed, because the law does not permit the mortgagor to delegate duties under this type of a property transfer."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":920,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Constitution grants specific powers to the federal government, such as the power to tax, spend, regulate commerce, and make treaties. However, \"police power\" is generally reserved to the states and involves regulating behavior and enforcing order within their territory for the betterment of health, safety, morals, and general welfare of their inhabitants. The federal government does not have a general police power.\nAnswer: J","question":"Which of the following powers standing alone cannot support federal law?","score":0,"choices":["defense power","treaty power","legislative power","executive power","judicial power","commerce power","spending power","necessary and proper power","taxing power","police power"],"correct":"H","answer":"J"}
{"number":921,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The doctrine of restitution aims to prevent unjust enrichment. Even though the contract stated that the $2,500 fee was nonrefundable, the fan's death was an unforeseen event that prevented him from receiving the service he paid for. If the club can fill his spot with another attendee, they would not suffer a loss and retaining the fee would result in unjust enrichment.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An avid baseball fan learned that a local professional baseball club was conducting a baseball camp for fans who wanted to meet and receive instruction from the club's players. The cost of the two-week camp was advertised for $2,500, which included meals and housing. The fan, a 54-year-old salesman, forwarded the club a $50 registration deposit, which reserved him a spot in the baseball camp. Thereafter, the fan received a contract from the club, which all baseball camp attendees were required to sign. The agreement provided that the $2,500 entrance fee was nonrefundable. According to the agreement, all attendees would receive group instruction during the baseball camp. Consequently, the club's operating costs would not be reduced if one or more of the attendees failed to participate or complete the two-week program. The fan signed the contract and forwarded it with his $2,500 entrance fee to the club. Two days before the start of the baseball camp, however, the fan died from a heart attack. In a restitutionary action, can the executor of the fan's estate, a surviving brother, recover on behalf of the estate either all or part of the $2,500 paid to the club?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the club did not incur any cost related to the fan's participation.","Yes, under the doctrine of frustration of purpose.","No, because the club had already invested in resources for the camp.","No, because the fan knew the risks when he signed the contract.","No, because the fan's death was not the club's responsibility.","No, because under the terms of the agreement the $2,500 entrance fee was nonrefundable.","No, but only if the club can show that before the start of the baseball camp it rejected another applicant because of its commitment to the fan.","Yes, if the club can fill the spot with another attendee.","Yes, because the club would otherwise be unjustly enriched at the fan's expense.","Yes, because the fan didn't receive the service he paid for."],"correct":"F","answer":"I"}
{"number":922,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help. The UCC primarily governs commercial transactions, including the sale of goods. Among the options provided, the purchase of crops and timber to be severed from the property next summer is most likely to be classified under the UCC because it involves the sale of goods that are to be severed from real property, which falls under Article 2 of the UCC.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The most likely contract to be classified under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) is a contract for","score":1,"choices":["The purchase of a commercial property building.","A contract for hiring a live-in nanny.","The purchase of stocks and bonds.","Crops and timber to be severed from the property next summer.","A common carrier delivering a new computer.","The lease of a residential property.","The sale of a personal vehicle.","The sale of an intangible asset.","The contract for a home renovation.","A contract for personal services."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":923,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a race-notice jurisdiction, the first bona fide purchaser to record their deed without notice of any prior unrecorded claims has superior title. Barbara did not record her deed, and Charlene recorded her deed immediately after purchase without notice of Barbara's claim. Therefore, Charlene would likely prevail in an action for title to the property.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Alice owned Greyacre, a one-acre piece of property, in fee simple. Alice sold the property to Barbara who moved into the only residence on the land. Barbara neglected to record the deed, and three years later, Alice conveyed the same property to Charlene who immediately filed the deed she received from Alice. Greyacre's jurisdiction has a race-notice statute and a tract index system. If an action is filed for title to the property, the likely outcome would be for","score":0,"choices":["Alice, since her ownership was first in time and she was of record.","Barbara, because she was the first to record her deed.","Alice, since she made two valid sales of the same property.","Charlene, because she was the first to record her deed.","Barbara, due to her physical possession of the property.","Barbara, because Charlene had notice of the prior conveyance between Alice and Barbara.","Charlene, because she relied on Alice's representation of ownership.","Alice, as she never actually transferred the property rights.","Charlene, as Barbara did not officially record her deed.","Charlene, because she was the last to receive the deed from Alice."],"correct":"F","answer":"D"}
{"number":924,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A binding contract requires an offer, acceptance, consideration, and mutual intent to be bound. The \"Letter Agreement\" included the price, down payment amount, financing terms, and other pertinent details, which indicates that it contained all essential terms. The fact that the seller accepted the down payment further supports the existence of a binding agreement. The appellate court will likely affirm the lower court's decision because the letter agreement contained all necessary details for a contract.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"The President and sole stockholder of a small business negotiated to sell the business to an individual investor. The parties met and signed a \"Letter Agreement\", which set forth the price, down payment amount, financing terms, the assets to be included, and a host of other pertinent details. The final closing date was not stated, but the purchasers left a down payment of $20,000 with the seller. The letter stated that the terms comprised their essential agreement, but that a formal document would be drafted by the parties' attorneys. Before that happened, the seller returned the check and refused to perform. The investor brought an equity action for specific performance to compel the sale. The equity court ruled that there was a complete and binding contract that must be specifically performed. Will the appellate court likely affirm the lower court's decision?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the seller accepted the down payment, indicating acceptance of the agreement.","No, because this type of letter is basically a \"gentlemen's agreement\" that is not intended to be legally binding.","No, because the seller has the right to refuse the sale at any time before the final contract is signed.","Yes, because a letter of intent is legally binding if it sets forth the price, describes the business and is signed by both parties.","No, because the terms of the agreement were not finalized by the parties' attorneys.","No, because a letter agreement is not a legally binding document.","Yes, because the letter agreement contained all the necessary details for the sale.","No, because closing date was left out and the attorneys were supposed to compose the final contract with all of the remaining details put in.","Yes, because the buyer left a down payment, signifying their intention to follow through with the purchase.","Yes, because where the letter contains all of the essential terms required for a contract, it will be enforced as a contract."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":925,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In property law, an adjoining landowner has a duty to provide lateral support to their neighbor's land in its natural state. If the excavation causes damage to an artificial structure, such as a storage building, the musician must prove that the neighbor failed to take reasonable precautions or was negligent in their activities.\nAnswer: J","question":"A musician owned a summer cottage on the lake. A neighbor, an adjoining land owner, started a sand business, which required him to do heavy hauling of sand, rocks, dirt, and other materials on his property. The neighbor's excessive excavating in the course of conducting his sand removal business causes the collapse of a large storage building on the musician's property. If the musician brings an action to recover damages for the collapse of his storage building, the musician will probably","score":1,"choices":["be successful, because the neighbor would be strictly liable for his removal of lateral support.","not be successful, because an adjacent land owner is under no affirmative duty to laterally support his neighbor's land.","not be successful, because the neighbor's property rights include the right to excavate.","not be successful, unless the neighbor's activities violated a local zoning ordinance.","be successful, if he can prove that the neighbor failed to take reasonable precautions to prevent damage.","be successful, because the neighbor's business activities constitute a nuisance.","not be successful, unless he can prove that the neighbor intentionally caused the collapse.","not be successful, because the neighbor could not be held liable for damage to an artificial structure such as a storage building.","be successful, if he can prove that the neighbor was operating his business without proper permits.","be successful if he can prove that the neighbor was negligent in his excavations."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":926,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence law, there is a principle known as the \"eggshell skull\" rule, which states that a defendant must take the plaintiff as they find them. This means that if a plaintiff has a pre-existing condition that makes them more susceptible to injury, the defendant is still fully liable for all resulting injuries, even if they are more severe than what would be expected for an average person.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A motorist was traveling at 5 miles per hour when she became distracted, and negligently tapped the rear of another vehicle. A passenger in the struck vehicle had a rare medical condition that made her highly vulnerable to any slight physical impact or intrusion. The minimal impact caused the passenger to lightly bump her shoulder against the door, which triggered her rare immunosuppressant disease to surface. The passenger became permanently incapacitated from the impact. She sued the negligent motorist for all of her injuries. A physician submitted a report stating that the collision was a substantial factor in causing the disability. Has the plaintiff stated a claim for relief under prevailing legal principles?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the motorist could not have predicted that such a small impact would have such severe consequences.","Yes, because the victim in this case is called a \"predictably unpredictable plaintiff.\"","No, because the passenger's rare medical condition was not directly caused by the motorist.","Yes, because the motorist is always responsible for any harm caused by their negligent actions.","No, because the medical report did not conclusively prove that the collision was the sole cause of the disability.","Yes, because the law holds the defendant liable for all injuries, regardless of their severity or nature.","No, because the victim's psychosomatic reaction is usually held to be malingering under the law.","Yes, because in the law of negligence the defendant takes the plaintiff \"as he finds her.\"","No, because the motorist is only liable for foreseeable injuries that are not of psychological origin."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":927,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help. Under the UCC, a buyer has the right to reject goods if they fail to conform to the contract specifications. The builder specified 1/4-inch sheets, and the company shipped 1/2-inch sheets, which are nonconforming goods. The builder promptly notified the company of the rejection due to nonconformance. The fact that the builder did not return the goods immediately does not negate their right to reject them.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"On February 15, a company that manufactures metal sidings for home exteriors received the following order from a builder: \"Please ship 300 sheets of 1/4-inch refabricated aluminum siding. Delivery by April 1. \"On March 8, the company shipped 300 sheets of 1/2-inch refabricated aluminum siding, which were received by the builder on March 10. The following day, the builder sent the following fax to the company: \"Be advised that your shipment is rejected. Order stipulated 1/4-inch sheets. \" This fax was received by the company, but the builder did not ship the nonconforming aluminum sheets back to the company. Did the builder properly reject the shipment delivered on March 10?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the company did not notify the builder that the 1/2-inch sheets were for accommodation only.","No, because the company could accept the builder's offer by prompt shipment of either conforming or nonconforming goods.","No, because the builder accepted the goods by not returning them immediately.","Yes, because the company failed to deliver by the stipulated April 1 deadline.","Yes, because the aluminum sheets were nonconforming goods.","No, because the builder waived its right to reject the nonconforming goods by not returning them promptly to the company.","No, because the company has the right to ship nonconforming goods as long as they meet the overall order requirements.","No, because the builder did not specify the reason for rejection in the fax."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":928,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a negligence claim, the plaintiff must prove duty, breach, causation (both cause-in-fact and proximate), and damages. Proximate causation involves whether the harm was a foreseeable result of the defendant's actions. In this case, the chain of events leading to the coffee shop customer's injury is highly unusual and not foreseeable from the railroad worker's actions. Therefore, the element that the plaintiff will likely be unable to satisfy is proximate or legal causation.\nAnswer: B","question":"A train pulled into a busy station. Some passengers got off the train, and others got on. A few moments later, a train conductor shouted, \"All aboard!\" to indicate that the train was about to depart the station. At that moment, a man, carrying a large cardboard box, came running through the station toward the train \"Wait for me!\" he shouted as he ran toward the train. The man with the box reached the edge of the platform, next to the train, just as the train started to move. The man hesitated, unsure of whether he should give up or go ahead and jump onto the train even though it was moving. A railroad worker, who happened to be standing next to the train, decided to be helpful. He said, \"You can make it,\" and gave the man a shove toward the open door of the train. The man stumbled and dropped the box that he was carrying. Instantly, the box made a loud screeching noise. The box contained powerful fireworks, and the impact of the box hitting the ground had caused a large rocket to ignite. The rocket flew out of the box and shot across the train station, glancing off the ceiling and finally crashing into a wall of a small coffee shop on the far side of the train station, about 150 feet from the train. The rocket's collision caused a shelf on the wall to fall. A large container of coffee that was on the shelf fell and hit a customer who was sitting in the shop and enjoying a cup of coffee. The coffee shop customer suffered an injury to her shoulder as a result of being hit by the container of coffee. If the coffee shop customer asserts a negligence claim against the railroad, which of the following elements of her claim will the plaintiff be unable to satisfy?","score":1,"choices":["Assumption of risk.","Proximate or legal causation.","Negligence per se.","Breach.","Cause-in-fact.","Duty.","Contributory negligence.","Foreseeability.","Vicarious liability.","Comparative negligence."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":929,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The Parol Evidence Rule generally prevents the admission of prior or contemporaneous oral agreements that contradict the terms of a written contract, assuming the written contract is intended to be a complete and final representation of the parties' agreement. Since the written agreement specifies a price of $110,000 and does not contain a merger clause, it is still considered the final agreement on the price. Therefore, evidence of the earlier oral agreement would likely be excluded as it contradicts the express term in the written contract.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A buyer expressed interest in purchasing an industrial air-conditioning system manufactured by the seller. The parties agreed orally on a price of $100,000 for the system, but continued to negotiate over several points. When all matters regarding the air-conditioning system were finally settled, the parties signed a written agreement. It provided that the price for the system, which would be delivered on June 1, would be $110,000. The written agreement, a lengthy form contract, did not contain a merger clause. The seller delivered the system on June 1, but the buyer refused to pay more than $100,000, citing the earlier oral agreement as to price. The seller sued the buyer for the additional $10,000 under the written agreement. Is the court likely to admit the evidence of the orally agreed price of $100,000?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the oral price term is relevant to whether the writing should be reformed.","No, because the oral price term would contradict an express term in the written agreement.","Yes, because the buyer can refuse to pay more than the orally agreed price.","Yes, because the oral agreement is considered more binding than the written agreement.","Yes, because the seller cannot increase the price without the buyer's consent.","Yes, because the written agreement did not contain a merger clause.","No, because the court does not consider oral agreements.","No, because the buyer assumed the risk of any mistake as to price.","No, because the written agreement takes precedence over the oral agreement.","No, because the seller has the right to increase the price in the written agreement."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":930,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The statute in question imposes strict liability, meaning that the defendant can be convicted regardless of intent or knowledge. In strict liability offenses, the prosecution does not need to prove mens rea (the intention or knowledge of wrongdoing). The key point here is that the crime imposes absolute criminal liability, which means that the defendant's honest mistake about the age of majority does not absolve him of responsibility.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state enacted a statute making it illegal to knowingly sell, purchase, or in anyway distribute any form of tobacco to a minor. Violation of the statute was a misdemeanor punishable by a $500 fine and up to 30 days in jail. After the statute's enactment, a defendant sold a pack of cigarettes to a girl who was 17 years of age. Before selling the product to the girl, the defendant carefully examined the girl's driver's license, which indicated that she was, in fact, 17 years old. The defendant nevertheless made the sale because he erroneously believed the age of majority to be 17. The defendant is subsequently charged with violation of the statute, and his mistake is honestly held to have been made. Such a mistake should","score":0,"choices":["not prevent his conviction, because the crime imposes absolute criminal liability.","result in his acquittal, because the girl presented a false identity.","not prevent his conviction, because he intentionally sold the cigarettes.","not prevent his conviction, because he had previous knowledge of the law.","result in his acquittal, because he did not possess the requisite mens rea.","not prevent his conviction, because the age of majority is 18, not 17.","result in his acquittal, because he took reasonable steps to ascertain the girl's age.","result in his acquittal, because he honestly made a mistake.","result in his acquittal, because the statute was not clearly defined."],"correct":"E","answer":"A"}
{"number":931,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Invasion of privacy claims generally require that the plaintiff prove that the defendant intruded upon their private affairs in a manner that would be highly offensive to a reasonable person. However, events occurring in public spaces and matters of public interest, such as newsworthy events, are typically given more leeway under the First Amendment's freedom of the press.\n\nIn this scenario, the footage was shot in a public place and involved a newsworthy event (gang violence). Therefore, it is unlikely that the mother would prevail on an invasion of privacy claim because the courts generally protect the media's right to report on matters of public concern.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A 15-year-old boy was killed during a gang fight. Two days after his funeral, the boy's mother saw a television program about gang violence and was shocked to see video of herself weeping over the boy's body. The video had been shot by the television reporting team while the boy's body was still lying on a public street. The mother suffered severe emotional distress as a result of seeing the video. If the mother sues the television station for invasion of her privacy and that of her son, will the mother be likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the television station has the right to broadcast any footage shot in public.","No, because the street was open to the public and the subject was newsworthy.","No, because the broadcast of the video falls under freedom of the press.","Yes, because the video footage was used without any prior notice to the mother.","No, because a person has no right to privacy after his or her death.","Yes, because the television station capitalized on the mother's grief for their program.","Yes, because the video footage intruded on the mother's private grief.","Yes, because the mother did not give permission to have the video used in the program.","Yes, because the mother suffered severe emotional distress as a result of viewing the video."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":932,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. For a contract to be valid, there must be an offer, acceptance, and consideration. In this case, the father made an offer (buying a new car), the son accepted it, and the son's promise to refrain from illegal drugs and alcohol constitutes consideration. Therefore, there was a valid contract between the father and the son. The executor of the estate is generally bound to fulfill the contractual obligations of the deceased.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"On his 21st birthday, a son enlisted in the army. As he was about to leave for eight weeks of basic training, his father said, \"I will buy you a new car at the end of basic training if you promise me not to take illegal drugs or drink alcohol while at basic training. \" The son replied, \"You can order the new car right away. I promise not to take illegal drugs or drink alcohol, as you requested. \"At the end of basic training, the son was given a leave and returned home. His father asked, \"Did you abide by your promise not to take illegal drugs or drink alcohol?\" The son replied, \"Yes, Father. \" The father then told the son that he had already ordered the new car and that it would be available for delivery within one month. One week later, the son received the tragic news that his father had died suddenly. At the funeral, the executor of the father's estate told the son that he did not feel compelled to give the son the newly arrived car. In a suit against the executor of the father's estate to recover the new car, the son will","score":1,"choices":["not succeed, because the father's death nullifies his promise.","not succeed, because the father's promise was void.","not succeed, because the executor of the estate has the final say.","not succeed, because the son's promise did not constitute a legal contract.","succeed, because the son's promise to refrain from drinking alcohol provided sufficient consideration.","not succeed, because the father's promise was only a conditional gift."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":933,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. \n\n1. **Burglary**: The defendant broke into the bar with the intent to commit a crime (theft), which satisfies the elements of burglary.\n2. **Larceny**: The defendant took large kegs of beer from the bar, which constitutes larceny (theft of personal property).\n3. **Arson**: Although the fire was started inadvertently, the defendant had the opportunity to extinguish it but chose not to, leading to damage. This can be considered arson due to his reckless disregard for the consequences.\n\nRobbery involves taking property from a person through force or intimidation, which did not occur here.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A defendant decided to rob a bar because he knew that the bar was now utilizing a new security system that was faulty and that nighttime was the best time to break in. Late one night, the defendant broke into the bar and proceeded to load large kegs of beer onto his truck. As he was leaving, the defendant inadvertently threw his cigarette butt into a trash can behind the bar. Soon afterward, the trash ignited into a small fire. Although the defendant had time to douse the fire without any danger to himself, he did not do so. Instead, he climbed into the truck and drove away. Although the fire spread beyond the trashcan, the fire department responded quickly and was able to put it out. The floor behind the bar was charred. The statutes for both burglary and arson in this jurisdiction include residential and business structures. The defendant should be convicted of which of the following crimes?","score":1,"choices":["Robbery and burglary.","Only Arson.","Only burglary.","Arson and larceny.","Arson, larceny, and robbery.","Larceny and burglary.","Arson, robbery, burglary, and larceny.","Arson, burglary, and larceny.","Arson and burglary.","Arson, robbery, and burglary."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":934,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, causation and foreseeability are key elements in determining liability. The man's negligence in pushing the helper out of the truck is a direct cause of the helper's broken leg. However, the sterility caused by the nurse's error at the hospital is a separate incident and not a foreseeable consequence of the man's actions. The chain of causation is broken by the nurse's independent act of negligence, which is not related to the man's initial negligent act.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A 35-year-old man with some experience as a truck driver owned a lumber truck. One day, the man set out driving his truck, heavily loaded with lumber, down a mountain road. Sitting next to the man in the passenger seat was a 19-year-old helper. During the course of the trip, when the truck was going down a long hill, the brakes failed. The man shouted to the helper to jump, but the teenager refused to do so and shouted back to the man that he should try to steer the truck down the hill. The man then opened the door on the passenger's side of the truck and negligently pushed the helper out. The helper, who suffered a broken leg, was rushed to the hospital where he was treated for his injury. As the helper was recuperating, a nurse inadvertently mixed up his chart with that of the female patient in the next room. The nurse gave the helper a fertility pill that made him sterile. If the helper brings suit against the man to recover damages for his sterility, the man will","score":0,"choices":["not recover, because the man had no control over the hospital's actions.","recover, because the man failed to properly instruct the helper on emergency procedures.","not recover, because the man's actions were intended to save the helper's life.","not recover, because the nurse's negligence in giving the wrong medication is unrelated to the man's actions.","recover, because the man was responsible for the helper's safety while in the truck.","recover, because the man was negligent in his maintenance of the truck's brakes.","recover, because the man was negligent in pushing the helper out of the truck.","not recover, because it is not foreseeable that a patient would be injured in such a manner.","recover, because it is foreseeable that a hospital can be negligent in its care of patients."],"correct":"G","answer":"H"}
{"number":935,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law and assignments for help. The key issue here is whether the assignment of future profits was legally binding and enforceable. Generally, for an assignment to be enforceable, it must be clear, definite, and supported by consideration. In this case, the assignment was a gift (no consideration) and was not a present transfer of an existing right but rather a promise of future profits. Courts often find such assignments unenforceable because they lack the necessary elements to form a binding contract.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"An inventor developed a prototype of an automobile. engine that she believed was going to revolutionize the automotive industry because of the engine's fuel-efficient properties. As a wedding present to the inventor's brother, the inventor wrote on a wedding card she gave to her brother:\"I hereby assign to you 20 percent of the net profits realized from the production and distribution of my automobile engine within the first year of production. \"The inventor then borrowed money from creditors and began to promote her automobile engine. She was contacted by a major automobile manufacturer about the possibility of using the engine in a new line of cars the manufacturer intended to release during the next calendar year. While on her way to meet with the representatives of the manufacturer, the inventor was killed in an automobile collision. The manufacturer then contracted with the executor of the inventor's estate to license the use of the automobile engine design for a 10-year period for $500,000, payable to the estate. The creditors from whom the inventor borrowed the money to promote her automobile engine have now attached the proceeds from the licensing agreement, which have so far been paid into the estate. The brother also asserts his assigned rights to a share of the proceeds. In subsequent actions by the creditors and the brother, the court will most probably hold in favor of","score":1,"choices":["the creditors, because the agreement with the manufacturer was made after the assignment to the brother.","the brother, because the inventor's assignment was recorded in a written document.","the brother, because the assignment was given as a gift and thus cannot be contested by the creditors.","the creditors, because the inventor's assignment to the brother was unenforceable as a defective assignment.","the creditors, because the rights of creditors/lienors are superior to those of a donee beneficiary.","the creditors, because the inventor's assignment to the brother was not legally binding.","the brother, because the inventor's assignment to him was made prior to the agreement with the manufacturer.","the brother, because any proceeds of the assigned right received by the assignor thereafter are held in constructive trust for the assignee.","the brother, because the rights of an assignee are superior to a lien against the assignor subsequently obtained by legallequitable proceedings.","the creditors, because they provided financial support to the inventor's project."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":936,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is constitutionally permissible to place the burden on the defendant to prove mental incompetency by clear and convincing evidence (Cooper v. Oklahoma, 1996). Therefore, options A, D, and F are incorrect. Additionally, the breakdown in communication due to the defendant's paranoia does not necessarily constitute ineffective assistance of counsel under the Sixth Amendment (Strickland v. Washington, 1984). Therefore, options H and I are also incorrect.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant, an indigent, was arrested and charged with attempted murder. The defendant, who had a history of psychiatric problems, had been diagnosed as being paranoid schizophrenic. The defendant was represented by a court-appointed attorney. In trying to prepare for trial, the attorney met with the defendant on numerous occasions. The attorney, however, found it difficult to communicate with the defendant, who, due to his paranoia, distrusted the attorney and believed he was working with the prosecution to convict him. The defendant was subsequently convicted. After the defendant was sentenced, the attorney filed an appeal seeking to overturn the conviction and have a new trial ordered. The appeal, in part, challenged the constitutionality of a state statute that placed the burden of proof on the defendant by requiring him to prove mental incompetency by clear and convincing evidence. In addition, the appeal claimed that the attorney was unable to provide adequate representation because there was a failure of communication between the defendant and his attorney. The appeal will most likely be","score":0,"choices":["granted, because the defendant has the burden to prove mental incompetency by a preponderance of the evidence, not by clear and convincing evidence.","denied, because the defendant cannot base an appeal on ineffective assistance of counsel due to his own failure to communicate with his lawyer.","denied, because it is constitutionally permissible to place the burden on the defendant to prove mental incompetency by clear and convincing evidence.","granted, because the prosecution has the burden to prove the defendant's competency by a preponderance of evidence.","denied, because the burden of proof lies with the defendant in cases of mental incompetency.","granted, because the state statute is unconstitutional as it places an undue burden on the defendant.","denied, because the defendant's own paranoia and distrust led to the breakdown in communication with his attorney.","granted, because the defendant's mental condition prevented him from effectively communicating with his attorney.","granted, because the attorney was unable to provide adequate representation due to the defendant's mental condition.","denied, because the defendant's mental incompetency does not absolve him of the crime he has been accused of."],"correct":"D","answer":"C"}
{"number":937,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects against multiple prosecutions for the same offense by the same sovereign. However, the \"dual sovereignty\" doctrine allows different states (or a state and the federal government) to prosecute the same person for the same conduct under their respective laws. Since State A and State B are separate sovereigns, each has the right to enforce its own laws independently.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man kidnapped a victim in State A and transported the victim across the state border into State B. These actions violated the kidnapping laws of both states, which are identical. A jury convicted the man in a State A court, but the trial judge gave what prosecutors in State B deemed an unduly lenient sentence. The state prosecutor in State B then commenced a kidnapping case against the man for violating State B's kidnapping statute. The man's lawyer has filed a motion in State B to dismiss the charge based on the double jeopardy protection against a second prosecution for the man's single act of kidnapping. Should the court grant the motion to dismiss?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the man committed two separate acts of kidnapping, one in each state.","Yes, because the man was already tried and convicted for the same crime in State A.","Yes, because the double jeopardy protection applies to both state and federal laws.","No, because the man's conduct violated the laws of two different states, and each has the right to enforce its laws. right to enforce its laws.","No, because the double jeopardy protection only applies to federal law.","Yes, because the double jeopardy protection applies even when laws of different states are identical.","No, because the man's sentence in State A was deemed unduly lenient in State B.","Yes, because the government is collaterally estopped under the double jeopardy protection from prosecuting a defendant a second time for the same conduct that led to an earlier conviction.","Yes, because the double jeopardy protection prohibits a second prosecution following a conviction for the same offense.","No, because the double jeopardy protection only prohibits a second prosecution following an acquittal for the same offense."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":938,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The teller's testimony is based on her personal knowledge and perception, which is generally admissible under the rules of evidence. She has firsthand experience with the customer's signature and can testify about her recognition of the forgery. The fact that the check itself was not recovered does not necessarily render her testimony inadmissible, as it is still rationally related to her perception and experience.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant is on trial for attempting to cash a forged check at a bank. A teller at the bank is called to testify. The teller testified that she was on duty when the defendant came to her station and handed her a check drawn on the account of another customer. She recognized the forgery because she knew the other customer's signature since he was one of her regulars. The teller further testified that after becoming suspicious, she placed the check down on the counter and turned to talk to her supervisor. As she did so, the defendant picked up the check and left the bank before she could say anything. The check that the defendant presented at the bank was not recovered by law enforcement authorities and was not offered as evidence. The teller's testimony regarding the forged signature on the check is","score":0,"choices":["admissible, because the witness has the ability to recognize forged signatures.","inadmissible, because the witness is at fault in allowing the loss of the original by failing to secure the check.","admissible, because it is rationally related to the witness's perception.","inadmissible, because it is not possible for the jury to compare the signature on the check since it was not presented as evidence.","admissible, because the witness knew the regular customer and could identify the forgery.","admissible, because the witness was familiar with the alleged victim's handwriting.","inadmissible, because the witness didn't directly see the defendant forging the signature.","inadmissible, because the witness did not see the defendant forge the signature.","inadmissible, because the defendant left the bank with the check before the witness could confront him."],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":939,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to the U.S. Constitution, the President has the power to make treaties with foreign nations, but these treaties must be ratified by a two-thirds vote in the Senate to become valid. This is outlined in Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"The President appointed a delegation to enter into negotiations with representatives of a foreign government to study the problem of preventing the extinction of certain species of seals. The delegation's goal was twofold: to study the problem and to formulate regulations in a bilateral agreement that would protect the endangered species and provide for a permanent commission that would continually monitor enforcement of the proposed regulations. After compiling their findings and drafting the necessary regulations, the President and the leader of the foreign government entered into a treaty to form a permanent commission to oversee the problem and to grant it the necessary enforcement powers. The validity of this treaty would most likely be upheld under which of the following principles?","score":1,"choices":["The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is ratified by a majority of the states.","The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is ratified by a majority in Congress.","The presidential power to conduct foreign affairs.","The presidential power to create commissions.","The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is ratified by the House of Representatives.","The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is approved by the Supreme Court.","The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is ratified by two-thirds of the Senate.","The presidential power to enforce environmental regulations.","An ancillary power of the President under his treaty-making power.","The treaty-making power, but only if the treaty is ratified by unanimous vote in Congress."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":940,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Termination of a contract by operation of law can occur due to various reasons such as changes in law, bankruptcy, expiration of the contract term, supervening illegality, death or insanity of a party, fulfillment of the contract, and destruction of the subject matter. Partial performance, however, does not automatically terminate a contract by operation of law; it may lead to other legal remedies or adjustments but does not inherently end the contract.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Which of the following will not terminate a contract by operation of law?","score":1,"choices":["Change in law that makes contract impossible","Bankruptcy of one party","Expiration of the contract term","Partial performance","Supervening illegality","Death or insanity of a party.","Fulfillment of contract","Destruction of the subject matter of contract."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":941,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In cases of felony murder, a person can be found guilty if a death occurs during the commission of a dangerous felony, even if they did not intend to kill. However, duress is a recognized defense in many jurisdictions for crimes other than murder. Since the defendant was coerced under immediate threat to his life, he could use duress as a defense.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"After waiting in line for two hours to gain entry into a popular nightclub, a man was denied admission because his attire failed to conform to the club's dress code. When he was refused admittance, the man angrily shouted to the club's doorman, \"You'll be sorry for this. After I'm through, this club will be reduced to rubble. \" Later that same evening, the man returned to the club with two explosives in his possession. He noticed the defendant leaving the club and followed him into a nearby parking lot. As the defendant was about to enter his car, the man grabbed him, pointed a gun and said, \"Follow me, you punk, or I'll blow your brains out. \" The man led the defendant to the rear of the club, handed him the explosives, and directed him to throw them through an open window of the club. In fear of his life, the defendant tossed the explosives into the club, causing an inferno that killed 25 people. In this jurisdiction, the applicable arson statute includes all buildings. If the defendant is charged with felony murder for the death of the people in the club, he will most likely be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, because he was coerced into committing the act.","guilty, because he did not attempt to alert authorities before throwing the explosives.","not guilty, because he was acting under immediate threat to his life.","guilty, because they were killings that occurred during the commission of an inherently dangerous felony.","not guilty, because the defendant was justified under the circumstances.","not guilty, because duress is a defense to arson.","guilty, as the crime was premeditated and caused multiple deaths.","guilty, because he physically committed the act of throwing the explosives.","not guilty, because he was not the primary actor in the crime."],"correct":"F","answer":"A"}
{"number":942,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Fourteenth Amendment's enabling clause grants Congress the power to enforce the amendment's provisions, which primarily address state actions rather than private or federal actions. The amendment is designed to prevent states from denying any person equal protection of the laws. Therefore, the most appropriate instance where a state would be able to regulate under the enabling clause of the Fourteenth Amendment is when a state official discriminates against a person based on race.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In which instance would a state, under the enabling clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, be most able to regulate?","score":1,"choices":["A federal official from discriminating against a person based on race.","A federal official from discriminating against a person based on gender.","A federal official from discriminating against a person based on nationality.","A private company from discriminating against a person based on nationality.","A private individual from discriminating against a person based on race.","A state official from discriminating against a person based on race.","A private individual from discriminating against a person based on gender.","A private individual from discriminating against a person based on nationality.","A private company from discriminating against a person based on race.","A state official from discriminating against a person based on nationality."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":943,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Privileges and Immunities Clause under Article IV, Section 2, of the U.S. Constitution ensures that \"The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.\" This clause is designed to prevent a state from discriminating against citizens of other states in favor of its own residents. The state law in question discriminates against out-of-state U.S. citizens by restricting their ability to own agricultural land, which would likely be seen as a violation of this clause.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A state has passed a law that provides that only residents of the state who are citizens of the United States can own agricultural land in the state. A out- of-state farmer who is a U. S. citizen has contracted, subsequent to the aforementioned law, to purchase a farm from a landowner, which is located in the state. The landowner, who is a resident of the state, has been informed by his attorney that his sales agreement with the farmer is null and void under state law. Which of the following is the best constitutional argument to contest the validity of the state statute?","score":1,"choices":["The privileges and immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The commerce clause under Article I, Section 8.","The due process clause of the Fifth Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The free exercise clause of the First Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause under Article IV, Section 2.","The national property power provision under Article IV, Section 3.","The contract clause prohibition against a state from enacting any law that will impair the obligation of contracts.","The establishment clause of the First Amendment.","The takings clause of the Fifth Amendment."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":944,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In real estate transactions, a warranty deed provides certain guarantees about the property's condition and title, whereas a quitclaim deed does not provide such guarantees. The builder's warranty deed to the buyer likely included an implied warranty of habitability, which can extend to subsequent buyers. This means that latent defects discovered later could still be the responsibility of the builder if they affect the habitability of the house.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The builder of a new house sold the house to a buyer, conveying it to the buyer by warranty deed. One year later, the buyer sold the house to a woman for $50,000 more than the buyer had paid, conveying it to the woman by a quitclaim deed. Four months after moving in, the woman discovered a number of latent defects in the foundation that caused the house's basement to take on water during heavy rains. The woman contacted the builder about the problem. Toward the end of their heated conversation, the builder yelled at her, \"So get it fixed!\" After the woman had the foundation repaired by a cement contractor at a cost of $25,000, she successfully sued the builder to recover that amount from him. What is the most likely reason that the woman was successful?","score":1,"choices":["The court found that the defects in the foundation were a breach of the covenant of further assurances in the warranty deed from the builder to the buyer.","The court found that the woman was entitled to compensation as she was not made aware of the defects during the sale.","The court found that the woman was entitled to compensation due to the builder's negligence in construction.","The court found an implied warranty of habitability from the builder to the buyer that was enforceable by a subsequent buyer.","The court found that by paying the buyer $50,000 more for the house than the buyer had paid the builder, the woman did not get the benefit of her bargain.","The court found that the defects were a breach of the covenant of quiet enjoyment in the quitclaim deed from the buyer to the woman.","The court found that by yelling at the woman to \"get it fixed,\" the builder had committed himself to paying for the repair.","The court decided that the builder had to pay because the warranty deed from the buyer to the woman included a provision for latent defects.","The court found that the woman was entitled to compensation as the builder had violated the terms of the quitclaim deed.","The court ruled that the builder was responsible due to a verbal contract established during their conversation."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":945,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. \n\n- In scenario A, the defendant intended to return the money, which does not meet the requirement of intending to permanently deprive the owner.\n- In scenario B, although the defendant kept found property, it does not constitute larceny as there was no initial unlawful taking.\n- In scenario C, the contractor misused funds but did not unlawfully take them initially.\n- In scenario D, the defendant believed he was reclaiming his own money, which complicates proving intent to steal.\n- In scenario E, the defendants intended to return the car, so there was no intent to permanently deprive.\n- In scenario F, the defendant took the bike with the intent to demand a ransom for its return, which clearly shows an intent to permanently deprive unless paid.\n\nThus, scenario F most closely aligns with larceny as it involves taking property with an intent to conditionally deprive the owner unless a demand is met.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Under which one of the following situations would the defendant(s) most likely be found guilty of larceny?","score":1,"choices":["A defendant, a trusted employee, was given the keys to the safe at the business where he worked. One night, he took money from the safe, intending to return it after he won at the horse races.","A defendant found an envelope full of money on a park bench. Knowing it was probably lost property, he decided to keep it instead of turning it in to the police.","A defendant who was a contractor took payment from a homeowner for materials and then used those materials on a different job.","During a craps game in the back room of a bar, the defendant lost $150 to the victim. The defendant left the bar after losing his money and returned an hour later with a gun in his possession. Honestly believing that the $150 still belonged to him, the defendant confronted the victim in the back room and demanded the return of his money. Frightened, the victim handed the money back to the defendant.","As two defendants were walking down the street, they noticed a victim park his metallic gold sports car and enter the pool hail. When they approached the car, one of the defendants observed that the victim had left the keys in the ignition. Knowing that the victim would be hustling pool all evening, the defendants hopped into the sports car and drove off, intending to return the car later that evening.","One afternoon, the defendant noticed the victim riding his racing bike in the park. The defendant, who always wanted to own a racing bike, saw his opportunity when the victim left his bike unattended to participate in a touch football game. The defendant jumped on the bike and quickly rode away. Later that evening, the defendant called the victim and demanded $200 for the return of the bike. The victim agreed to the defendant's demand. The following day, the victim paid the defendant the money, and the defendant, in turn, returned the bike."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":946,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Promissory estoppel is a legal principle that prevents a party from withdrawing a promise made to another party if the latter has reasonably relied on that promise and acted upon it, resulting in a detriment. In this case, the contractor relied on the plumber's bid to submit his own bid to the developer. This reliance was reasonable and foreseeable, and the contractor suffered a detriment when the plumber refused to do the work.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A developer recently acquired a large vacant lot and wished to build a series of 10 tract homes on the lot to offer for sale. On May 1, he telephoned a number of contractors whom he had dealt with in the past and asked them to submit bids to build the homes. One of the contractors in turn sought bids from several subcontractors to determine the overall cost of the job. He notified each subcontractor that he intended to use their bids in submitting a general bid to the developer. A plumber submitted a bid to the contractor in the amount of $50,000, which the contractor used in computing the bid he sent to the developer. On June 1, the contractor submitted a bid to the developer in which he offered to build the 10 tract homes for $500,000. On June 4, the plumber notified the contractor that he had overbooked his crews and could not possibly do the work on the developer's job. On June 5, the developer sent the contractor a signed confirmation letter wherein he stated, \"I hereby accept your offer to build the 10 tract homes for $500,000. ', Thereafter, the contractor hired another plumber to complete the plumbing work at a cost of $60,000. The contractor then explained the situation to the developer and requested that the overall cost of the job be increased to $510,000. The developer refused on the grounds that he had a contract for $500,000 and that this was the contractor's problem. The contractor then built the 10 tract homes, and the developer sent him a check for $500,000. Which of the following best supports a claim for $10,000 by the contractor against the plumber who refused to do the work?","score":0,"choices":["The plumber's bid created an enforceable promissory estoppel situation.","An option contract was created, because the contractor, with the plumber's knowledge, used the plumber's bid in computing the bid he submitted to the developer.","The plumber had an implied contract with the contractor, which he violated by refusing to fulfill his bid.","The plumber had a moral obligation to fulfill his bid as it was already included in the contractor's total cost.","The contractor relied on the plumber's bid in good faith, creating an enforceable contract.","The plumber made an offer that the contractor accepted by using the plumber's bid in computing the bid he submitted to the developer.","The plumber's bid was a binding contract, which the plumber breached by refusing to do the work.","The contractor made an offer to the plumber that the plumber accepted when he submitted his bid.","The plumber's bid was a \"firm offer\" that was not revocable, since both the plumber and the contractor were merchants.","The plumber's bid constituted a unilateral contract which the contractor accepted by submitting his bid to the developer."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":947,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on eminent domain and property law for help. Eminent domain allows the government to take private property for public use with just compensation. Once the landowner accepted the fair market value and did not appeal, they effectively transferred ownership to the state agency. The original landowner's claim that the agency took a fee simple determinable is not supported because eminent domain typically results in a fee simple absolute unless explicitly stated otherwise. The fact that the land was not used for its intended purpose does not automatically revert ownership back to the original owner.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A state education agency, following all statutory requirements, obtained a parcel of land through eminent domain. The landowner accepted the award of fair market value and did not appeal. For the next 15 years, the agency held the property but did not implement an educational use for it. In year 16, the agency abandoned the intended education use and sold it at a properly advertised auction under state law. The original landowner appealed, arguing that the agency only took a fee simple determinable and when it ceased its intended educational use, superior fee simple title reverted back to the original owner. Will the appellate court likely rule that the landowner can assert rights to stop the attempted transfer?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, eminent domain is restricted to taking property that is urgently needed for a public use and the failure to use it for that purpose defeated fee simple ownership in the agency.","Yes, because every eminent domain taking implies a fee simple determinable aspect to the governmental acquisition.","No, because the landowner accepted the fair market value and did not object to the transfer within the statutory period.","Yes, because the state agency did not fulfill its statutory obligations by failing to use the land for educational purposes.","Yes, because the landowner can always assert rights to land taken through eminent domain if the purpose is not fulfilled.","Yes, because the agency did not use the land for the purpose stated in the eminent domain proceedings within a reasonable time frame.","No, because the original transfer was legally conducted and the landowner received fair market value, thereby allowing a presumption of fee simple title in the agency.","No, because the original landowner forfeited all rights to the property once it was sold at the auction.","No, because the state also acquired fee simple title by adverse possession after 11 continuous, uninterrupted years of possession."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":948,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In a breach of contract case involving the sale of goods, the usual remedy is damages measured by the difference between the market price and the contract price at the time of the breach. This compensates the buyer for any additional cost they incur in purchasing a similar item elsewhere.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A buyer contracted to purchase a used car from a seller for $10000. On the date the sale was to take place, the buyer tendered a $10,000 cashier's check to the seller. The seller rejected the tender and refused to deliver the car to the buyer. If the buyer brings an action for breach of contract against the seller, the buyer is entitled to which of the following remedies?","score":1,"choices":["Specific performance.","Recovery of the cost of the cashier's check.","Recovery of the market price of the car.","Recovery of the contract price of the car.","Reimbursement for transportation costs incurred due to the lack of a car.","Damages measured by the difference between the market price and the contract price for the car.","Damages for emotional distress.","Punitive damages against the seller.","An injunction to prevent the seller from selling the car to someone else."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":949,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Involuntary manslaughter generally requires a showing of criminal negligence or recklessness that directly causes the death of another person. In this scenario, while the defendant did commit a hit-and-run, the victim's death was caused by a subsequent and independent event (the tractor-trailer crash and explosion). The key issue here is whether there is a sufficient causal connection between the defendant's actions and the victim's death. Given that the victim's death was due to an unrelated accident occurring after the initial incident, it is unlikely that the defendant's actions can be considered the direct cause of death.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state has a hit-and-run statute in effect that makes it a crime to leave the scene of an accident. One afternoon, a 9-year-old victim was riding her bicycle along the street. As the victim swerved into the southbound lane, her bicycle was struck by a car driven by the defendant. The victim was knocked off her bike and thrown onto the sidewalk adjacent to the street. Although the victim received some minor scrapes and bruises, she was not seriously injured. Following the accident, the car driven by the defendant sped away. Moments later, however, a tractor-trailer crashed into the rear of a car about 30 feet from where the victim was lying. The car almost instantly caught fire as its gas tank exploded. The victim, who was engulfed in the flaming wreckage, was killed. If the defendant is charged with involuntary manslaughter for the death of the victim, the defendant should be found","score":1,"choices":["guilty, because she failed to report the accident to the authorities.","guilty, because she unlawfully fled the scene of an accident in violation of her statutory duty.","guilty, because she should have anticipated the potential for further accidents.","guilty, because her actions directly resulted in the victim's death.","not guilty, because there was not a sufficient causal connection between her actions and the victim's death to impose criminal responsibility.","guilty, because her failure to render aid to the victim would make the defendant criminally responsible for the victim's death."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":950,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce, and this includes the extraction of resources that have significant implications for the national economy. When Congress enacts legislation within its authority, such as regulating interstate commerce, the supremacy clause of the Constitution ensures that federal law takes precedence over conflicting state laws. Therefore, if Congress has enacted a statute forbidding any state from imposing a tax on the extraction of pitchblende, this federal law would override the state's tax due to the supremacy clause.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A state is the only state that imposes a tax on the extraction of pitchblende. This black-colored mineral consists of massive uraninite and contains radium, which is the chief ore-mineral source of uranium. Minute quantities of plutonium are also found in pitchblende. This is particularly significant because plutonium undergoes slow disintegration with the emission of a helium nucleus to form uranium 235, and that is fissionable with slow neutrons to yield atomic energy. As such, pitchblende is vital to the economy of the entire country. Congress has recently enacted a statute forbidding any state from imposing a tax on the extraction of pitchblende. Because pitchblende is not mined in any other state, this federal legislation affects only the state. Thus, in practice, this federal law only limits the taxing power of the state. In light of the Constitution and this federal law, the state extraction tax on pitchblende is most likely","score":1,"choices":["valid, because Congress does not have the authority to interfere with the taxing policies of a state.","invalid, because the Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce, which includes the extraction of resources.","valid, because the state has the right to impose taxes on resources, regardless of federal legislation.","valid, because Congress does not have the power to regulate state taxation.","valid, because Congress may not enact a law that places one state on an unequal footing with other states.","invalid, because Congress has the power to regulate all forms of energy production.","invalid, because when Congress exercises its plenary power over interstate commerce, the supremacy clause voids inconsistent state action.","invalid, because Congress may use its general welfare power to prohibit state legislation that it deems harmful to the nation as a whole.","valid, because the state has the right to tax resources found within its borders.","invalid, because the state cannot tax a resource that is vital to the national economy."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":951,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Arson typically requires the intentional and malicious burning of property. In this case, the man did not intend to burn down the cabin or cause harm; his actions were meant as a surprise. However, placing fireworks under a chair can be seen as reckless and negligent behavior, which indirectly led to the fire. The key point is whether his actions can be considered wanton and willful misconduct.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man was visiting his friend at the friend's cabin. The man decided to surprise the friend with some fireworks, so he purchased some fireworks and hid them under his friend's chair on the friend's porch. That evening, the friend went outside to smoke and dropped his unfinished cigarette next to his chair on the porch. The cigarette ignited the fireworks, and the fireworks immediately exploded, causing extensive damage to the friend and to his cabin. The man was arrested and is being prosecuted for arson. Will the man be found guilty of arson?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the man did not intend to burn down the cabin and was not guilty of wanton and willful misconduct.","Yes, because the man purchased and placed the fireworks that caused the explosion.","No, because the man did not light the fireworks himself.","No, because the man never intended to hurt the friend.","Yes, because the man indirectly set fire to the friend's cabin.","Yes, because the man's actions indirectly led to the destruction of the cabin.","Yes, because the man should have known the fireworks would be a fire hazard.","No, because the man's actions were meant as a surprise, not a malicious act.","Yes, because the injury to the friend and to his cabin was the natural result of the man's actions.","No, because the friend's cigarette, not the man, caused the fire."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":952,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal procedure for help. The discovery process in criminal trials is designed to ensure that both parties have access to the evidence and can prepare their cases adequately. The U.S. Supreme Court has held that requiring a defendant to disclose an alibi defense and the identity of alibi witnesses does not violate the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination, as it is not considered testimonial in nature. This allows the prosecution to investigate the merits of the alibi and prepare for trial.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with burglarizing a pharmacy. The break-in allegedly occurred late one evening after the store had closed for business. The defendant was identified as the perpetrator of the crime by a film that was recorded during the burglary from a hidden camera. When the defendant was apprehended, he denied involvement in the crime and told the arresting officers that he had been out of town when the burglary occurred. Prior to trial, the defendant's court appointed attorney filed a motion requesting discovery of the videotape film that was recorded during the perpetration of the crime. The trial judge granted the request and ordered the prosecution to send a duplicate copy of the videotape to the defendant's attorney. Following the judge's ruling, the prosecuting attorney, pursuant to state law, then filed a discovery motion specifically asking the defendant whether he planned to raise an alibi defense. The prosecuting attorney also sought discovery of the identity of such an alibi witness. Assume that the judge requires the defendant to respond as to whether the defendant intends to raise an alibi defense. May the judge also require the defendant to disclose the identity of the alibi witness?","score":1,"choices":["No, because revealing the identity of the witness might put the witness at risk.","No, because it violates the defendant's right to a fair trial.","No, because by requiring the defendant to reveal information before he is tactically ready to do so substantially impairs his ability to successfully defend himself.","Yes, because the prosecution should have an opportunity to investigate the merits of the alibi.","Yes, as long as the prosecution provides the defendant with a list of their witnesses in return.","Yes, because the defendant must prove his innocence.","Yes, because the court has a right to know the identity of all witnesses.","No, because such disclosure constitutes an implied representation that is testimonial in character and, thus, violates the defendant's privilege against self-incrimination.","No, because the prosecution is not entitled to know the defense's strategy.","Yes, because the defendant waived any claim of privilege when he sought discovery of the film from the prosecution."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":953,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a tenancy in common, each co-tenant has an equal right to possess the entire property. For one co-tenant to claim adverse possession against another, there must be clear evidence of an ouster, which means the occupying tenant must have acted in a way that clearly and unequivocally excludes the other co-tenant from possession. Simply living on the property and paying taxes and maintenance does not constitute an ouster. There is no evidence here that the brother has performed sufficient acts to constitute an ouster of his sister.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man died in 1985. His will devised his estate in a Midwestern state to his son and daughter \"to share and share alike as tenants in common. \"At the time of their father's death, the daughter lived in a different part of the Midwestern state (in which the estate was located) while the son resided in a state in the Southwest. After the funeral, the daughter returned to her own residence, but the son decided to occupy the estate. He put his name on the mailbox and has paid the taxes and maintenance expenses. The daughter has been generally aware of this, but because she cared little about the estate, the daughter has never pressed her brother about the property. Since 1985, the daughter has not paid any rent or other compensation to her brother, nor has he requested such payment. In January 2010, a series of disputes arose between the son and daughter for the first time concerning their respective rights to the estate. The state in which the property is located recognizes the usual common law types of cotenancies and there is no applicable legislation on the subject. Now, the son claims the entire fee simple absolute title to the estate and brings an action against his sister to quiet title in himself. If the Midwestern states in which the property is located has an ordinary 20-year adverse possession statute, judgment should be for whom?","score":1,"choices":["The son, because he has paid the taxes and maintenance expenses since 1985.","The son, because the acts of the parties indicate the sister's intention to renounce her ownership rights to the estate.","The daughter, because there is no evidence that her brother has performed sufficient acts to constitute an ouster.","The daughter, because the brother did not take any legal action to claim the property until 2010.","Both, because they were given the estate \"to share and share alike as tenants in common.\"","The son, because during the past 25 years, the son has exercised the type of occupancy ordinarily considered sufficient to satisfy adverse possession requirements.","The daughter, because the brother did not request any rent or other compensation for the past 25 years.","The son, because the daughter has not shown any interest in the property.","The daughter, because one cotenant cannot acquire title by adverse possession against another.","The son, because he has lived in the property for more than 20 years."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":954,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 608 allows a witness's credibility to be attacked or supported by testimony about their reputation for having a character for truthfulness or untruthfulness, or by testimony in the form of an opinion about that character. However, evidence of truthful character is admissible only after the witness's character for truthfulness has been attacked. Here, the engineer's credibility was attacked by bringing up his past conviction. Therefore, both opinion and reputation evidence regarding the engineer's truthfulness are admissible.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A plaintiff sued the insurer of her home after the insurer denied coverage for water damage to the home allegedly caused by a frozen plastic pipe that burst. At trial, the insurer called as an expert witness an engineer, who testified that the pipe had burst because of age rather than freezing. On cross-examination, the engineer admitted that five years earlier, he had been convicted of tax fraud, even though he had asserted that it was his accountant's error. In response, the insurer calls a witness, who is well acquainted with the engineer and his reputation, to testify that (1) in the witness's opinion, the engineer is a truthful person, and (2) the engineer's neighbors all describe him as a truthful person. How much, if any, of the witness's testimony is admissible?","score":0,"choices":["None of the testimony is admissible, because it is collateral, having no bearing on the engineer's qualifications as an expert.","Only the portion concerning the engineer's reputation is admissible, because where both opinion and reputation evidence are available, only the latter is admissible under a rule of preference.","Both portions of the testimony are admissible, but only as they relate to the engineer's truthfulness, not his expertise.","None of the testimony is admissible, because character evidence is not relevant to the engineer's expertise.","All of the testimony is admissible to support the engineer's credibility.","Only the portion concerning the engineer's reputation is admissible, as it is directly relevant to his character for truthfulness.","Only the portion concerning the witness's opinion of the engineer's character is admissible, as it directly relates to his credibility.","Only the portion concerning the witness's opinion of the engineer's character, because the witness's reporting of the neighbors' comments is hearsay.","None of the testimony is admissible, because the witness is biased due to their acquaintance with the engineer.","All of the testimony is admissible, but the judge must instruct the jury to consider the engineer's past conviction."],"correct":"E","answer":"C"}
{"number":955,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Federal preemption occurs when a federal law supersedes or overrides a state law. The U.S. Supreme Court has established that preemption can be either express or implied. Implied preemption can occur in two ways: field preemption, where federal regulation is so pervasive that it occupies the entire field, and conflict preemption, where compliance with both federal and state regulations is impossible, or the state regulation stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment of the full purposes and objectives of Congress.\n\nIn this case, the federal law does not mention genetic engineering factors, which implies that Congress did not intend to regulate this specific aspect. However, if the first state's law interferes with the uniformity of national standards set by federal law, it could be seen as an obstacle to the objectives of Congress.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A law in one state forbids the transportation or sale of tomatoes in the state that have a more than 10% \"genetic engineering factor.\" The U.S. Department of Agriculture does not use or mention genetic engineering factors in its standards for the sale and transportation of tomatoes. Tomato growers in a second state wish to ship tomatoes for sale into the first state but its tomatoes are in compliance only with the federal standards. The tomato growers' association in the second state brought an injunctive action in federal court against the agricultural department of the first state to enjoin enforcement of the genetic engineering rule on the basis of federal preemption. According to U.S. Supreme Court precedent, how will the courts decide the preemption claim?","score":0,"choices":["There is no preemption because the first state's law does not contradict the federal law and both laws could be complied with simultaneously.","When it comes to fresh produce, federal laws will always preempt state laws, and the injunction will be granted for that reason.","The injunction will be granted because tomatoes that are in compliance with federal law never have to be approved also under a state law.","Preemption does not apply here because agricultural regulations are generally left to the states.","The first state's law sets standards that interfere impermissibly with the second state's law and therefore the first state's law is preempted.","The injunction will be granted because the first state's law contradicts the intent of Congress in setting uniform national standards.","The injunction will be granted because the federal law implicitly preempts any state law on the same subject matter.","The injunction will be granted because the first state's law is violating the Commerce Clause by affecting interstate commerce.","There is preemption because the first state's law is more stringent than federal law and therefore it cannot coexist.","The injunction will not be granted because the first state's law is a legitimate exercise of its police powers to protect public health."],"correct":"A","answer":"F"}
{"number":956,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A life tenant generally has the right to make reasonable use of the land, but they are typically not allowed to exploit natural resources (such as timber) unless such exploitation was already occurring before they took possession (the \"open mines\" doctrine). In this case, the swampland had never been used for timber production before the brother started cutting it. Therefore, the woman is likely to succeed in her action to enjoin the brother from cutting more timber and to account for profits received from the sale of the timber because a life tenant may not exploit natural resources where no such prior use had been made.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman is the fee simple owner of a 1,000-acre tract of land. Half of the tract is swampland totally unfit for cultivation, though it is heavily covered with valuable hardwood timber. The other half is also covered with valuable timber, but it would be land fit for the raising of crops if it were cleared of the timber. The latter section of land is more valuable for cultivation than it is for the growing of timber and has clearings where someone could build a home and live. The woman conveyed the tract to her brother for life. At the time of the conveyance, the swampland had never been used for the production of timber. The brother took possession and cleared 40 acres of the timber on the section that was suitable for cultivation. In addition, the brother cut 60 acres of timber in the swampland, thus becoming the first person to exploit this area. The brother then proceeded to clear some timber on the tract and used it in repairing fences, buildings, equipment, and the like on the property. In an action by the woman to permanently enjoin the brother from cutting any more timber on the swampland section of the tract and to account for profits received in the sale of the timber, the woman will most likely","score":1,"choices":["succeed, because a life tenant may not exploit natural resources where no such prior use had been made.","not succeed, because a life tenant has a right to make reasonable use of the land.","succeed, because the life tenant has not obtained explicit permission to cut timber.","succeed, because a life tenant may not clear timber from swampland.","not succeed, because the life tenant is allowed to make necessary repairs on the property.","not succeed, because a life tenant is not liable for permissive waste.","not succeed, because a life tenant is allowed to exploit natural resources for personal use.","not succeed, because a life tenant has the right to clear land for cultivation.","succeed, because a life tenant may not make changes that alter the value of the land.","succeed, because a life tenant must account for permissive waste to the reversioner or remainderman."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":957,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In a breach of contract case, the most relevant arguments would focus on the terms of the contract, the performance of those terms, and any potential defenses or justifications for non-performance. Arguments that are least helpful would be those that do not directly address these aspects.\n\n- Argument A is relevant because it addresses the subjective nature of satisfaction.\n- Argument B is relevant because it questions whether the man made an adequate examination.\n- Argument C is relevant because it questions the genuineness of the man's dissatisfaction.\n- Argument D is relevant because it addresses whether the man's expectations were realistic.\n- Argument E is relevant because it addresses whether clear guidelines were provided.\n- Argument F is somewhat relevant as it touches on reputation but may not be strong enough alone.\n- Argument G introduces an external factor (hand injury) which might not be directly related to contractual obligations.\n- Argument H addresses the quality of materials used, which could be relevant.\n- Argument I addresses the delay in delivery due to unforeseen circumstances.\n\nAmong these, argument G seems least helpful because it introduces an excuse (hand injury) that does not directly relate to the contractual obligation to deliver a satisfactory portrait. The artist's personal circumstances are generally not considered a valid defense in breach of contract cases unless they are explicitly covered in the contract terms.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man entered into a written contract with a nationally famous artist. Their contract provided that the artist would paint a full-color portrait of the man, to be delivered by November 1, in exchange for $15,000. A contractual provision recited that the artist \"guarantees that the quality of the portrait will be fully satisfactory. \"The artist finished the portrait and presented it to the man on November 2. The man looked at the portrait and said, \"This is awful! I really expected better. I'm not paying for this!\" The artist was enraged by the man's reaction, as he felt the finished portrait was one of his best works. Which of the following arguments would be LEAST helpful to the artist in his efforts to recover on a breach of contract theory?","score":1,"choices":["The man's dissatisfaction is subjective and therefore not a valid reason for non-payment.","The man failed to make an adequate examination of the quality of the portrait.","The man's dissatisfaction with the quality of the portrait was not genuine.","The man had unrealistic expectations of the portrait.","The man did not provide clear guidelines for the portrait.","The artist's reputation should guarantee the quality of the portrait.","Because of a recent hand injury, the artist did not have sufficient time to produce a portrait of a quality satisfactory to the man.","The artist used high-quality materials to create the portrait.","The delay in delivery was due to unforeseen circumstances."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":958,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects individuals from unreasonable searches and seizures, but there are exceptions. One such exception is the search incident to a lawful arrest, which allows officers to search the person of an individual without a warrant if they have made a lawful custodial arrest. This principle was established in the Supreme Court case Chimel v. California (1969), which allows officers to search the arrestee's person and the area within their immediate control.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A defendant was smoking marijuana as he was driving home from work one afternoon. A police officer approached him on the freeway and stopped the car to issue a citation for speeding. As the defendant handed the officer his driver's license, the officer smelled burnt marijuana, saw the joint, and saw an open envelope on the seat next to the defendant containing a substance that looked like marijuana. The officer ordered the defendant out of the car, arrested him for unlawful possession of marijuana. The officer then searched the defendant and found a sealed envelope in the defendant's back pocket. Without asking the defendant's permission, the officer opened the envelope and discovered that it contained cocaine. The officer then unzipped one of the jacket pockets on the jacket the defendant was wearing and found more cocaine and arrested the defendant for possession of cocaine. The defendant was taken to the police station and immediately escorted to an interrogation room. He was given his Miranda warnings, waived his rights, and gave a statement admitting to possession of cocaine and marijuana. Which of the following is a correct statement of the applicable legal principles regarding the search of the defendant?","score":1,"choices":["Any evidence found in the possession of the defendant is admissible, regardless of how it was obtained.","One who drives an automobile on a public highway does not have a legitimate expectation of privacy.","If an officer smells marijuana, they are automatically allowed to search the entire vehicle and the person.","The defendant must give explicit permission for the officer to search their personal belongings, even after an arrest has been made.","If an individual effectively consents to a search of their person, the evidence gathered during the search is admissible.","The Fourth Amendment protects individuals from unlawful searches and seizures, making the search and the evidence inadmissible.","The officer is not permitted to search personal items found on the defendant after the arrest without a warrant.","The exclusionary rule requires that if an officer conducts an unconstitutional search, the evidence acquired in the course of the officer's subsequent activities is inadmissible.","The officer is only allowed to search the defendant after they have been formally charged with a crime.","When a police officer has made a lawful custodial arrest of an individual, he may, as a contemporaneous incident of that arrest, search the person of the individual."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":959,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key points here are the contingency clause and the \"time is of the essence\" provision. These clauses mean that timely performance is critical and any delay can be grounds for rescission. The purchaser failed to make a timely mortgage application, which was a condition precedent to the contract. Therefore, the seller likely has the right to rescind the transaction due to the purchaser's failure to comply with the terms of the agreement.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A purchaser signed an agreement of sale to buy real estate. It had a contingency clause requiring him to make a completed application for a mortgage within a specified time. It said that time was of the essence. The purchaser failed to apply but instead asked a mortgage broker friend for his opinion as to whether he would qualify. The seller told the purchaser that she rescinded the sale because there was no mortgage application within the agreed time. A few days later, the purchaser made a belated application and received approval, but the seller insisted on a rescission of the contract. Will the seller likely prevail in rescinding the transaction?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the purchaser did not make a timely application and lost the protection of the contingency clause.","Yes, because she rescinded the sale prior to his notifying her of the approval Â€Â“ the first notice communicated is the effective one.","No, because the seller did not give the purchaser an opportunity to correct his mistake.","No, because the original request to his mortgage broker friend was a timely application within the spirit of the agreement.","Yes, because the purchaser did not formally submit a mortgage application, violating the agreement.","No, because the approval of the belated application should allow the transaction to proceed.","Yes, because the purchaser did not fulfill the conditions of the contingency clause in the specified time.","No, because the amount of time that he was late was a \"de minimus\" delay that should not preclude him from the benefit of the bargain.","No, because the purchaser's discussion with a mortgage broker should be considered as an attempt to apply.","Yes, because the seller has the right to rescind the sale at any time."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":960,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A life estate is an interest in property that lasts for the duration of a specified person's life, in this case, the friend's lifetime. The life estate owner has the right to use and benefit from the property during their lifetime but cannot transfer a greater interest than they possess. When the life estate owner conveys their interest to someone else, they are only transferring the life estate, not fee simple ownership. The life estate terminates upon the death of the person whose life measures the estate (the friend), at which point the property reverts to the original fee simple owner's heirs or as specified in the original grant.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man owned real estate in fee simple. He transferred a life estate in it over to a friend for the friend's lifetime. When the fee simple owner died, the life estate owner conveyed his interest to his children. The deceased fee simple owner's son sued the children on the basis that the life estate was now broken and he owned the property absolutely. Do the children of the life estate owner have an enforceable interest in the property?","score":1,"choices":["No, the life estate was broken when the owner of the fee simple interest died.","No, the life estate owner is not allowed to convey his interest to other persons.","Yes, the life estate owner became the owner in fee simple when the original fee simple owner predeceased him.","Yes, the children of the life estate owner now own the property in fee simple.","No, the life estate terminated upon the death of the fee simple owner, and the property reverts back to the fee simple owner's estate.","No, the children of the life estate owner have a leasehold interest, not a life estate.","Yes, the life estate owner could convey his life estate to third persons.","No, the life estate was broken when the life estate owner conveyed his interest to his children.","Yes, the life estate owner's children inherited the life estate upon their father's death."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":961,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Attempted murder requires both the intent to commit the crime and a substantial step towards its commission. In this case, although the wife had the intent and made some preparations (taking out a life insurance policy), she did not perform a substantial step towards actually committing the murder (such as acquiring a weapon or attempting to use it). Therefore, she should be found not guilty of attempted murder because she did not perform a substantial step in carrying out the murder.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A husband and wife were unhappily married. The husband was an alcoholic who physically abused the wife when he became drunk. After the husband beat up the wife one night, she decided to kill him. The wife, who was experienced in firearms, planned to shoot her husband while he slept. Before carrying out her plan, the wife took out a $1,000,000 life insurance policy on her husband, naming herself as beneficiary. Shortly thereafter, the husband and wife celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary. They went out to dinner and had a truly enjoyable evening together. After a great night, the wife experienced a change of heart and decided she really loved her husband and didn't want to kill him after all. The wife confessed and told her husband about her plan, begging forgiveness. The husband was outraged. He proceeded to file for divorce and notified the police about his wife's plan. If the wife is charged with attempted murder, she should be found","score":1,"choices":["not guilty, because she did not perform a substantial step in carrying out the murder.","not guilty, because her husband was physically abusive.","guilty, because she had previous experience with firearms.","guilty, because she confessed her plan to her husband.","guilty, because she intended to kill her husband.","guilty, because she purchased the life insurance policy.","not guilty, because she changed her mind before committing the act.","not guilty, because she did not actually commit the murder.","guilty, because she planned the murder."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":962,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Habit evidence is admissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence (Rule 406) to prove that the conduct of a person on a particular occasion was in conformity with the habit or routine practice. The neighbor's testimony about the plaintiff's habit of crossing the street outside the crosswalk is relevant and probative to show that the plaintiff may have acted in conformity with this habit on the occasion in question.\nAnswer: G","question":"A plaintiff sued a defendant for injuries that the plaintiff suffered when he was struck by the defendant's car. At trial, the plaintiff testified that he was walking across the street inside a crosswalk at the time the defendant's car hit him. This action takes place in a jurisdiction that has a statute in effect requiring all motorists to stop and permit pedestrians to cross streets at designated crosswalks. The defendant contended that the plaintiff ran into the street outside the crosswalk. Furthermore, the defendant testified that he immediately applied his brakes when he saw the plaintiff dart into the street, but couldn't stop his car in time to avoid hitting him. In support of the defendant's testimony, the defendant calls a neighbor to testify that she has observed the plaintiff frequently during the years that she has lived on that street, and that the plaintiff \"always crosses the street outside the crosswalk. \"The neighbor's testimony is likely to be","score":1,"choices":["admitted, because it tends to show that the plaintiff was careless.","excluded, because it is based on the neighbor's personal opinion.","admitted, because it supports the defendant's version of events.","excluded, because her testimony is impermissible evidence of character to show defendant's plaintiff's conduct on a particular occasion.","admitted, because it challenges the plaintiff's credibility.","excluded, because the neighbor's testimony is hearsay.","admitted, because it is probative of the plaintiff's habit of crossing the street outside the crosswalk.","excluded, because it is irrelevant to the specific incident.","admitted, because it provides context to the plaintiff's behavior."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":963,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The principle of res judicata (claim preclusion) ensures that a final judgment on the merits by a court with jurisdiction is conclusive between the parties in any future lawsuit on the same cause of action. When determining the preclusive effect of a federal court judgment, federal law governs. This is because the judgment was entered in federal court, and federal courts apply federal common law to determine the preclusive effect of their own judgments.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A car manufacturer produced a car that was sold nationwide. Problems with the car's brakes allegedly caused several accidents and injuries. Two individual buyers of the car each filed a class action, in different states, against the manufacturer, asserting the same products liability claims on behalf of all buyers nationwide. One class action was filed in federal court and the other was filed in state court. The parties in the federal action reached a court- approved settlement, and the court entered judgment dismissing the action with prejudice. The manufacturer's attorney has moved to dismiss the state court action on the basis of res judicata (claim preclusion). Should the state court look to federal or state law to decide the effect of the judgment?","score":1,"choices":["Federal law, because the judgment was the result of a nationwide action governed by the federal class action rule.","Federal law, due to the nationwide scope of the car manufacturer's operations.","State law, because there is no general federal common law and preclusion is a common law doctrine.","State law, because the claim involves product liability, a matter of state law.","Federal law, because the judgment was entered in federal court.","Federal law, because the manufacturer's attorney filed the motion.","Federal law, because the claim involves a product that was sold nationwide.","State law, because the accidents and injuries happened in multiple states.","State law, because the second class action was filed in state court."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":964,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The doctrine of after-acquired title states that if a grantor purports to convey an interest in property that they do not own at the time of the conveyance, but later acquires that interest, the interest automatically passes to the grantee. In this case, the daughter did not own the five acres at the time she conveyed the 100 acres to the buyer, but she later acquired it from the farmer. Therefore, under the doctrine of after-acquired title, the five acres should pass to the buyer.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A father died leaving a will by which he devised a 100-acre tract to his daughter. At the time of the father's death, he believed that he owned all of the 100-acre tract. However, the father actually owned 95 acres of the tract. The other five acres were owned by a farmer. After taking possession of the tract, the daughter executed and delivered a warranty deed to a buyer, purporting to convey all 100 acres of the tract. The agreed purchase price was $100,000. According to the terms of the sale, the buyer paid the daughter a down payment of $25,000, with the unpaid portion of the purchase price (i. e. , $75,000) secured by a mortgage. The mortgage instrument described the property interest as covering all 100 acres of the tract. After the daughter Â€Â”buyer transaction was completed, the farmer came forward and informed the parties that she was the true record owner of five acres of the 100-acre tract. Upon the farmer's threat to sue to quiet title, the daughter negotiated a deal whereby she paid the farmer $5,000 for the five-acre tract. As part of their agreement, the farmer executed and delivered a quitclaim deed quitclaiming to the buyer all of her interest in the five-acre parcel. Thereafter, the buyer defaulted on the mortgage debt, and the daughter properly consummated foreclosure proceedings, becoming the purchaser of the tract at her own foreclosure sale. The description of the deed in the foreclosure sale referred to the tract as consisting of all 100 acres. After the foreclosure sale was finalized, the buyer brought suit claiming title in fee simple to the five-acre tract, formerly owned by the farmer. In an appropriate action to determine the title to the said five-acre tract, the buyer will","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the buyer did not have a legal claim to the five-acre tract","lose, because the foreclosure proceedings were properly executed","win, because the farmer's threat to sue to quiet title was not legally binding","win, because the deed from the farmer to the buyer was a quitclaim deed.","win, because the quitclaim deed from the farmer to the buyer was subsequent to the deed from the daughter to the buyer and to the mortgage.","lose, because the buyer defaulted on the mortgage debt","win, because the daughter purchased the tract at her own foreclosure sale","lose, because the doctrine of after-acquired title controls.","win, because the mortgage instrument described the property interest as covering all 100 acres of the tract."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":965,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, which includes the right to use sound amplification equipment for expressive purposes. However, municipalities can impose certain restrictions on this right if they serve a significant government interest and are narrowly tailored to achieve that interest without unnecessarily restricting free speech.\n\nThe ordinance in question aims to reduce noise pollution, which is a valid government interest. However, the ordinance could be challenged if it is found to be overly broad or vague in its definitions and applications. Specifically, if the ordinance does not provide clear guidelines on what constitutes unpermitted sounds, it could be seen as violating the owner's rights under the First and Fourteenth Amendments.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An owner had a record store in the downtown business area of a city. A famous rock group was scheduled to perform at the local civic center and the owner featured the band's records in a special sale for the two weeks prior to the concert. In order to promote his sale, the owner installed loudspeakers on the outside of his store window so that he could play the band's records for people walking by to hear. It was the owner's hope that when they heard the records, the passersby would turn into customers and buy the band's records. Subsequently, the owner was cited for violating a city ordinance which provides that:\"An owner of property located within the city limits shall not permit to be used on his property any device which causes sounds, other than clock chimes, to be heard upon the street or sidewalk. Violation of this ordinance shall subject the property owner to a fine of $50. 00 for each occurrence. \"If the owner is successful in challenging this ordinance in court, the court would most likely reason that","score":1,"choices":["the ordinance violates the owner's rights of freedom of speech, because there is not valid interest to support the ordinance.","the ordinance is discriminatory as it only applies to property owners within the city limits.","the ordinance violates the owner's rights of freedom of speech, because a municipality may not regulate the use of sound amplification equipment.","the ordinance violates the owner's right to conduct business freely as it hinders promotional activities.","the ordinance is not in violation as it aims to reduce noise pollution in the city.","the ordinance violates the owner's rights under the First and Fourteenth Amendments, because it is vague in defining unpermitted sounds.","the ordinance violates the owner's rights under the First Amendment, as it restricts the freedom of expression without clear guidelines.","the ordinance is valid as it pertains to the use of public space and maintaining order.","the ordinance violates equal protection because some sounds are permitted, while others are not.","the ordinance is justified as it helps in maintaining peace and quiet in the city."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":966,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has held that the prosecution must prove every element of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt, which includes disproving self-defense if it is raised by the defendant. Placing the burden on the defendant to prove self-defense by a preponderance of the evidence violates this principle.\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant was charged with and tried for murder. At trial, the defendant testified that he had acted in self-defense. The trial court instructed the jury that the defendant had the burden of proving by a preponderance of the evidence that he had acted in self-defense. The defendant objected, arguing that this instruction violated the constitutional requirement that the prosecution prove the offense beyond a reasonable doubt. Did the trial court's instruction violate the defendant's federal constitutional rights?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the defendant has to prove self-defense beyond a reasonable doubt.","Yes, because the instruction violates the presumption of innocence in criminal cases.","No, because due process does not regulate the burdens of proof in criminal cases.","No, because due process does not preclude requiring a defendant to prove self-defense by a preponderance of the evidence.","Yes, because due process precludes placing any evidentiary burden on a criminal defendant.","Yes, because the prosecution should bear the burden of proving the absence of self-defense.","No, because the court has discretion to determine the burdens of proof.","Yes, because due process precludes requiring a criminal defendant to bear the burden on an issue that would make an act lawful.","Yes, because the defendant's right to a fair trial was compromised by the instruction.","No, because self-defense is an affirmative defense that the defendant must prove."],"correct":"D","answer":"F"}
{"number":967,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the tax discriminates against interstate commerce or out-of-state businesses. The $100 excise tax on itinerant artists, which is higher than the $200 studio tax but allows a credit for those who have already paid the studio tax, effectively places a higher burden on out-of-state businesses that do not maintain a studio in the city. This can be seen as discriminatory against interstate commerce.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A city imposes a municipal excise tax of $200 per year on commercial artists' studios in that city. It also imposes an excise tax of $100 per year on every itinerant commercial figure drawer for the privilege of using the streets and sidewalks. A credit is allowed against this latter tax for any excise tax paid to the city by the drawer or his employer in respect to the maintenance of an artist's studio in the city. A gallery, located in a neighboring state, has been sending two itinerant artists into the city. Their practice is to draw a picture of a pedestrian, ask him to order a finished painting, and collect a payment of $2. 00. The drawing is sent to a studio, which frames it and mails the framed painting to the customer. The neighboring state does not impose a tax on artists' studios. The gallery challenges the constitutionality of the $100 per year excise tax that is imposed upon its itinerant artists in the city. The court will most likely declare this tax","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, as a valid ad valorem tax on interstate commerce.","unconstitutional, as a discriminatory privilege tax.","constitutional, as it is a valid usage fee for public property.","constitutional, as the tax is a valid exercise of the city's power to regulate commerce.","unconstitutional, as it violates the principle of equal protection under the law.","constitutional, since the tax was levied not on the commercial art business as a whole but on the local activity of drawing pictures.","unconstitutional, since the tax unfairly burdens out-of-state businesses.","unconstitutional, since a state or municipality may not impose a license tax on orders for goods or services to be perfonned in another state.","unconstitutional, since it amounts to double taxation."],"correct":"F","answer":"B"}
{"number":968,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Expert testimony is generally admissible if the expert's opinion is based on data reasonably relied upon by other experts in the field, even if the underlying data itself is not admitted into evidence. The team physician, as an orthopedist, can reasonably rely on x-rays and MRI results to form his opinion about the player's condition.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A football player sued a football team for breach of contract. He was a star player for the team before suffering a serious hip injury. Although the player attempted to continue playing for the team, he failed a physical examination and was cut from the team roster. After failing his physical, the team discontinued making contract payments to the player as per the terms of his employment contract. In his lawsuit, the player claimed that he was physically fit to continue playing but that he was cut from the team because they wanted to stop making contract payments. At trial, the team called its physician, an orthopedist, to testify that the player's hip injury was, in fact, career-threatening and, in his opinion, sufficiently serious to warrant failing his physical. The team physician stated during his testimony that his diagnosis was based, in part, upon an examination of the player's x-rays and review of an MRI test conducted by another doctor. Neither the x-rays nor the MRI test results have been admitted into evidence. In all likelihood, the team physician's testimony should be","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the team physician is not a radiologist capable of interpreting MRI results.","admissible, if the football player confirms that the physician's diagnosis was shared with him.","admissible, provided that the other doctor testifies as to the validity of the MRI test results.","admissible, provided that the team physician has been practicing for more than 10 years.","inadmissible, because the team physician's opinion was not based in part upon his own firsthand observation of the player's physical condition.","inadmissible, because neither the x-rays nor the MRI test results had been admitted into evidence at the time he formulated his opinion.","admissible, only if the x-rays and MRI test results are presented during the trial.","admissible, provided the team physician based his opinion on data reasonably relied upon by other orthopedic physicians in the field.","inadmissible, as the team physician has a possible bias towards the football team.","inadmissible, because the team physician should have conducted the MRI test himself."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":969,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In contract law, a unilateral contract is one where one party makes a promise in exchange for the other party's performance. The homeowner's offer to pay $5,000 in exchange for the roofer replacing the tiles is a classic example of a unilateral contract. The roofer's statement \"Sure, if I can clear my busy schedule\" does not constitute acceptance but rather an indication of intent to accept. However, when the roofer began performance by unloading materials and equipment at the homeowner's house, he manifested an intent to accept the offer.\n\nUnder the doctrine of unilateral contracts, once performance has begun, the offeror cannot revoke the offer. This principle is designed to protect the offeree who has started to perform based on the expectation that the offer will be honored.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A homeowner said to a roofer, \"My roof leaks. I think the old tiles are cracked. If you will replace them with all new tiles, I will pay you $5,000. \" The roofer replied, \"Sure, if I can clear my busy schedule. \" The homeowner then remarked, \"That's all right, but let me know soon. \" Three days later, the roofer drove his pickup truck to the homeowner's home and unloaded the materials and equipment needed to perform the roofing job. When the homeowner looked out his window and saw what was transpiring, he immediately ran outside and exclaimed, \"Stop! The deal's off. I decided to repair the roof myself. \"In an action by the roofer against the homeowner for breach of contract, which of the following would provide the roofer with his best theory of recovery?","score":1,"choices":["The homeowner made an offer that proposed a unilateral contract, and the roofer manifested an intent to reject the offer when he began performance by unloading the materials and equipment at the homeowner's house.","The roofer can recover because the homeowner breached the contract by deciding to repair the roof himself.","A unilateral contract was formed when the roofer said, \"Sure, if I can clear my busy schedule.\"","A bilateral contract was formed when the roofer said, \"Sure, if I can clear my busy schedule. \"","A bilateral contract was formed when the homeowner said, \"That's all right, but let me know soon.\"","The homeowner made an offer that proposed a bilateral contract, and the roofer accepted the offer by purchasing the materials and equipment needed for the job.","The homeowner made an offer that proposed a unilateral contract, and the offer became irrevocable when the roofer purchased the materials and equipment needed for the job.","A bilateral contract was formed when the roofer purchased the materials and equipment needed to do the job.","The homeowner made an offer that proposed a unilateral contract, and the roofer manifested an intent to accept the offer when he began performance by unloading the materials and equipment at the homeowner's house.","The homeowner made an offer that proposed a bilateral contract, and the offer became irrevocable when the roofer unloaded the materials and equipment at the homeowner's house."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":970,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. John Rawls' theory of justice, particularly his concept of the \"original position\" (POP) and the \"veil of ignorance,\" suggests that rational individuals would choose principles of justice that ensure fairness and equality for all, especially the least advantaged. Rawls argues that social primary goods, such as rights, liberties, opportunities, income, and wealth, should be distributed in a way that benefits everyone, particularly those who are worst off. This aligns with the idea of choosing equality over power.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Which proposition below is the most consistent with what Rawls claims the POP would opt for in respect of 'social primary goods'?","score":0,"choices":["The POP will choose wealth over a compassionate society.","The POP will choose equality over power.","The POP will be unselfish.","The POP will choose to protect the disabled."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":971,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The Historical School of jurisprudence emphasizes that law is a product of social traditions and customs that have evolved over time. This school believes that the law reflects the spirit of the people and their historical development.\nAnswer: C","question":"The ________ School of jurisprudence believes that the law is an aggregate of social traditions and customs that have developed over the centuries.","score":1,"choices":["Command","Sociological","Historical","Interpretive","Analytical","Natural","Functional","Positivist","Realist","Pragmatic"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":972,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The \"reasonable person\" standard in tort law is an objective standard that measures how a typical person, with ordinary prudence, would act in certain circumstances. It does not vary from person to person and is not based on the defendant's subjective mental state. However, it does take into account physical disabilities but not mental disabilities.\nAnswer: F","question":"Which of the following statements is correct concerning the \"reasonable person\" standard in tort law?","score":1,"choices":["The reasonable person standard applies only to people with a high level of education.","The reasonable person standard applies only to people without disabilities.","The reasonable person standard varies from person to person.","The reasonable person standard requires that a person act as would the average person in the community.","A person with a mental disability must act as would a person with the same mental disability.","A person with a physical disability must act as would a reasonable person with the same disability.","The reasonable person standard focuses on the defendant's subjective mental state rather than on the defendant's behavior","The reasonable person standard is based solely on the defendant's age.","A person with a mental disability is not subject to the reasonable person standard."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":973,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The doctrine of 'margin of appreciation' allows national authorities some discretion in how they implement the European Convention on Human Rights, recognizing that local authorities are better placed to understand their own societies. The case that first defined this doctrine was Handyside v UK (1976), where the European Court of Human Rights acknowledged that national authorities have a margin of appreciation in determining what is necessary in a democratic society.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Which case was the first to define the meaning of the doctrine of 'margin of appreciation' as applied by the European Court of Human Rights?","score":1,"choices":["Dudgeon v UK (1981)","Marckx v Belgium (1979)","Osman v UK ( 1998)","Tyrer v UK (1978)","McCann v UK (1995)","Soering v UK (1989)","Airey v Ireland (1979)","Handyside v UK (1976)","Sunday Times v UK (1979)","Goodwin v UK (2002)"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":974,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. In the Nicaragua case (1986), the International Court of Justice (ICJ) addressed the issue of whether a series of lower intensity armed incidents could cumulatively amount to an armed attack. The ICJ dismissed the accumulation theory in this case, indicating that it does not support the idea that multiple smaller instances of armed force can be considered cumulatively as an armed attack.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Is the ICJ hostile to the idea that an armed attack may arise through a series of lower intensity, yet cumulative, instances of armed force?","score":0,"choices":["The ICJ has often supported the accumulation theory","The ICJ considers each instance of armed force individually, not cumulatively","The ICJ has never addressed this issue","The concept of an armed attack refers to a single attack, not multiple smaller instances of armed force","The ICJ has shown mixed views on the accumulation theory","In the Nicaragua case the ICJ dismissed the accumulation theory","The ICJ was not hostile to the accumulation theory","The ICJ has consistently rejected the concept of an armed attack arising from cumulative instances","The ICJ has yet to make a definitive ruling on the accumulation theory","The ICJ ruled in favor of the accumulation theory in the Bosnia and Herzegovina case"],"correct":"G","answer":"F"}
{"number":975,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. In the Nicaragua case (Nicaragua v. United States), the International Court of Justice (ICJ) addressed the issue of whether a series of lower intensity armed attacks could be considered cumulatively as an armed attack. The ICJ did not accept the accumulation theory in this case, indicating a dismissal of the idea that multiple smaller instances could collectively constitute an armed attack.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Is the ICJ hostile to the idea that an armed attack may arise through a series of lower intensity, yet cumulative, instances of armed force?","score":0,"choices":["The ICJ has often supported the accumulation theory","The ICJ considers each instance of armed force individually, not cumulatively","The ICJ has never addressed this issue","The concept of an armed attack refers to a single attack, not multiple smaller instances of armed force","The ICJ has shown mixed views on the accumulation theory","In the Nicaragua case the ICJ dismissed the accumulation theory","The ICJ was not hostile to the accumulation theory","The ICJ has consistently rejected the concept of an armed attack arising from cumulative instances","The ICJ has yet to make a definitive ruling on the accumulation theory","The ICJ ruled in favor of the accumulation theory in the Bosnia and Herzegovina case"],"correct":"G","answer":"F"}
{"number":976,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. Personal (ratione personae) immunity is a type of immunity that is afforded to certain high-ranking state officials, such as heads of state, heads of government, and foreign ministers, which protects them from legal proceedings in foreign courts irrespective of whether the conduct was undertaken in a private or public capacity.\nAnswer: E","question":"What is personal (ratione personae) immunity?","score":1,"choices":["Personal immunity is given to individuals for their private conduct, not their public conduct","Personal immunity is afforded to all physical persons","Personal immunity is afforded to all State officials, regardless of their conduct","Personal immunity is only given to individuals who have committed a crime in a public capacity","Personal immunity is afforded only to particular persons irrespective if their conduct was undertaken in a private or public capacity","Personal immunity is given to all individuals, regardless of their conduct","Personal immunity is that which is afforded in a personal capacity and hence does not cover conduct of the State as such","Personal immunity is afforded to State officials for conduct undertaken in a public capacity","Personal immunity is afforded to State officials for conduct undertaken in a private capacity.","Personal immunity is afforded only to particular persons if their conduct was undertaken in a public capacity"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":977,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Strict liability in tort typically applies to manufacturers and sellers of defective products, not to service providers like carpenters who install products. The carpenter did not manufacture or sell the mirror or brackets; he merely installed them. Therefore, strict liability would not apply to him in this case.\nAnswer: C","question":"A grocery store purchased a large mirror to hang on a wall in the store. Along with the mirror itself, the manufacturer provided brackets and bolts to be used for hanging the mirror. The grocery store paid a local carpenter to come in and hang the mirror. A few days after the carpenter installed the mirror, the mirror suddenly fell from the wall because of a defect in the brackets. It struck a shopper on the head, causing serious injuries to him. If the shopper asserts a claim against the carpenter based on strict liability in tort, the plaintiff will","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the brackets were defective when installed.","prevail, because it would be abnormally dangerous to maintain such a large mirror on the wall of a retail outlet.","not prevail, because the carpenter was not engaged in the sale of the mirror.","not prevail, because the carpenter had no relationship of privily with the plaintiff."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":978,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement is a legal right to use another's land for a specific limited purpose. When the man acquired the woman's house, the easement was extinguished because one cannot have an easement over one's own property (merger doctrine). Therefore, when the man conveyed the house to the purchaser, there was no longer an easement in existence.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man owned land along the south side of a highway. To the south of the man's land was a lot owned by a woman who lived on it in a house. Five years ago the man conveyed a right-of-way easement over his land to the woman because it provided a more direct route between her house and the highway. The easement was evidenced by a clearly marked path. The document granting the easement was promptly recorded. Three years ago, the woman conveyed her house to the man. The man never took actual possession of the house. Two years ago, the man conveyed the house to a purchaser by a warranty deed. Two months after the purchaser moved into the house, a neighbor informed him about the easement. He then began using the path that had been marked on the man's land. When the man noticed the purchaser using the path, he erected a barricade on his land that effectively prevented the purchaser from using the path. The purchaser has sued the man, claiming that he has an easement over the man's land. Who is likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["The man, because the easement was extinguished.","The man, because the purchaser did not have actual notice of the easement at the time of acquisition.","The purchaser, because he purchased the house by warranty deed.","The purchaser, because the easement was of public record when he acquired the house."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":979,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. False imprisonment requires intentional confinement of a person without lawful privilege and against their consent, where the person is aware of the confinement or harmed by it. In this case, the building owner did not intentionally confine the lawyer; the confinement was a result of negligence (failure to maintain the elevator). Therefore, the element of intent is missing.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A young lawyer worked late at her office one night. When she finally decided to go home, she headed to the elevator, got in, and pushed the button for the ground floor. The elevator went all the way to the ground floor, but then just stopped there. The doors did not open. The lawyer tried pushing each of the buttons in the elevator and tried to use the intercom in the elevator to call for help, but nothing on the elevator's control panel seemed to be functioning. The lawyer was afraid that she would be stuck in the elevator all night. She began pounding on the doors and yelling. She started to feel panicked, hyperventilated, lost consciousness, and fell to the floor of the elevator. As she fell, she struck her head on the elevator wall, causing a large bump and bruise on her head. She was unconscious in the elevator for about 30 minutes before a security guard tried to use the elevator and realized it wasn't working. The guard managed to force the doors open and found the lawyer. At that moment, the lawyer regained consciousness. An investigation revealed that the elevator stopped working because it had not been properly maintained. The owner of the building had canceled all service and maintenance work on the elevator in order to save money. If the lawyer sues the building owner for false imprisonment, she will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because she was confined in the elevator for an unreasonably long period of time.","prevail, because she was injured during her confinement in the elevator.","not prevail, because the building owner did not intentionally cause the lawyer to be confined.","not prevail, because the lawyer was unconscious and unaware of what was happening for most of the confinement period."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":980,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a claim based on negligent manufacturing, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant breached a duty of care, causing harm. Emotional distress without physical injury is generally not enough for recovery in negligence unless it falls under specific exceptions. However, strict liability applies to defective products that cause harm, regardless of negligence.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A buyer purchased a gallon of nonfat milk from a market. The milk, which was sold in a plastic container, had been processed and packaged by a dairy. That evening, the buyer was preparing dinner and poured himself a glass of milk from the container purchased at the market. He then sat down to eat his meal and proceeded to take a mouthful of milk. As he did so, the buyer felt something furry lodge in his mouth. He immediately spat out the furry object and saw that it was a dead mouse. The buyer suffered severe emotional distress but did not suffer any physical illness or injury. If the buyer asserts a claim against the dairy based on negligent manufacturing, he will most likely","score":1,"choices":["not recover, because the dairy's negligence only caused mental disturbance.","recover, under the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur.","not recover, because the dairy cannot be proven to have been the source of the mouse.","recover, under the theory of strict liability.","recover, because he suffered severe emotional distress.","recover, because the dairy breached its duty of care by failing to properly package the milk.","not recover, because the buyer's proper cause of action is for intentional infliction of mental distress.","recover, because the dairy failed in its duty of care."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":981,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Contracts Clause of the U.S. Constitution prohibits states from passing any law that retroactively impairs contract rights. The bond agreement is a contract between the state and the bondholders, and the new law requiring discounted admission fees for senior citizens could impair the state's ability to fulfill its obligations under this contract by reducing the funds available to repay the bonds.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A state built a racetrack that was specially designed and constructed for thoroughbred horseracing. State bonds were issued to finance the construction of the racetrack. The bond agreement provided that for the first five years the racetrack was in operation, at least $2 from each admission charge would be used to repay the bond debt. The bond agreement further stipulated that if the proceeds from the admission charges during the first five years were not sufficient to repay the bondholders, then at least $1 from each admission charge for the next five years would be applied to make the necessary bond payments. After the racetrack was built and in operation for two years, the state legislature passed a bill requiring the racetrack to admit all senior citizens over the age of 65 for the discounted admission fee of 50 cents. This law is probably","score":1,"choices":["unconstitutional, because it denies citizens under the age of 65 the equal protection of the law.","constitutional, because it supports social welfare by providing discounts to senior citizens.","unconstitutional, because it discriminates on the basis of age.","constitutional, because the state has the power to change admission prices.","unconstitutional, because it violates the rights of the bondholders.","unconstitutional, because it goes against the state's responsibility to repay bonds.","constitutional, because the state has the right to regulate commerce within its borders.","unconstitutional, because it is an ex post facto law.","unconstitutional, because it impairs the obligation of the bondholders' contract.","constitutional, because it is a justifiable exercise of the state's police power."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":982,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The jurisdiction's recording act states that every conveyance of real estate which is not recorded is void against a subsequent purchaser in good faith for valuable consideration, whose conveyance shall be first duly recorded.\n\n1. The farmer-to-son deed in 1994 was not recorded.\n2. The investor recorded his deed in 1998 but was aware of the farmer-to-son deed, so he is not a bona fide purchaser.\n3. The son sold the farm to the rancher in 1999, but the rancher did not record his deed.\n4. The teacher bought the farm from the investor in 2003, was aware of the farmer-to-son deed, and recorded his deed.\n5. The professor bought the farm from the rancher in 2007, did not search the title, and recorded his deed.\n\nThe professor's purchase would be considered in good faith because he did not have actual knowledge of prior claims and he recorded his deed. Therefore, under the recording act, the professor has priority of title.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"In 1993, a farmer had good record title to a farm in fee simple absolute. In 1994, the farmer delivered to his son, for a sum of $1,000, a deed signed by the farmer, naming the son and his heirs as grantee, and appearing valid on its face. The son neglected to record the deed. In 1998, an investor, aware of the existence of the farmer-to-son deed, sought out the farmer and asked to buy for $10,000 a deed of the farm from the farmer to the investor and his heirs. The farmer executed such a deed, and the investor promptly recorded it. The investor's intent was to acquire color of title and obtain ownership of the farm by adverse possession. In 1998, the investor constructed a fence around the farm. In 1999, the son presented his deed of the farm to a rancher and, for $15,000, paid by the rancher, signed and delivered a deed of the farm in favor of the rancher and his heirs. After receiving the deed, the rancher made no effort to search the title, to examine the property, or to record the deed. In 2003, a teacher paid the investor $20,000, and the investor delivered to the teacher a deed of the farm in favor of the teacher and his heirs. The teacher had examined the property, had searched the title, and was aware of the prior farmer-to-son instrument. Although the teacher did not reside on the property,he regularly visited the farm twice a week. The teacher recorded his deed. In 2007, for $25,000, paid by a professor, the rancher signed and delivered a deed of the farm naming the professor and his heirs as grantees. Before the professor had paid the rancher and taken his deed, the professor visited the farm and observed the fence. However, the teacher was not present when the professor visited the property, and nothing suggested who Â€Â”f anyone Â€Â”was using it. In any case, the professor did not attempt to search the title before making his purchase. The professor then recorded the deed. Note: This jurisdiction uses Grantor Â€Â”Grantee Indices and has no Tract IndexThe jurisdiction's recording act provides: \"Every conveyance of real estate which is not recorded is void against a subsequent purchaser in good faith for valuable consideration, whose conveyance shall be first duly recorded. \"In 2008, in an action to quiet title to the farm, which of the following parties would have priority of title?","score":1,"choices":["The investor.","The professor, only if he had searched the title prior to his purchase.","The teacher.","The rancher.","The rancher, if he could prove he paid the highest price.","The farmer, if he could prove the initial sale to his son was invalid.","The professor.","The farmer's son.","The teacher, if he could prove he visited the farm regularly.","The investor, if he could prove he was the first to record the deed."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":983,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause requires that no state shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. Requiring new political entrants to obtain five times the number of signatures as other candidates who have run for office previously creates an unequal burden and likely violates this clause.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A resident announced his candidacy for state representative. A law in the state requires new political entrants, regardless of party affiliation, to obtain five times the number of signatures as other candidates who have run for office previously. The resident, however, failed to obtain the necessary number of authenticating signatures to have his name placed on the ballot. On the substantive constitutional issue regarding the validity of the authenticating requirement, the most probable judicial resolution will be to","score":0,"choices":["dismiss the cause of action because the resident did not exhaust all available state remedies.","dismiss the case as the resident did not meet the set requirements.","uphold the authenticating requirement as it encourages serious candidature.","hold the authenticating requirement unconstitutional as violative of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","dismiss the cause of action because state election procedures are a sovereign state function.","require the resident to challenge the authenticating requirement at a federal level.","assign the burden of proving the validity of the authenticating requirement to thestate.","hold the authenticating requirement constitutional as it maintains a fair political competition.","hold the authenticating requirement unconstitutional as violative of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","hold the authenticating requirement unconstitutional as a violation of the First Amendment."],"correct":"G","answer":"I"}
{"number":984,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The investor's designation of the 10-acre tract for school construction is a restriction placed on the use of that land, intended to benefit the public and future residents of the subdivision. This type of restriction is best described as a restrictive covenant, which is a binding legal obligation written into the deed of a property by the seller that restricts the way the land can be used.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In 2006, an investor purchased a 100-acre tract located in a rural county. Shortly thereafter, the investor prepared a subdivision plan that created 90 one-acre residential building lots on this tract with the remaining 10-acre lot proposed for a public school building. In the investor's sales brochure promoting the subdivision, he stated that \"in addition to the close proximity of the proposed school for subdivision residents, the county school district would not need to expend tax money to acquire this property for school construction. \" In 2007, the subdivision plan was recorded with the county recorder's office. On January 15, 2009, the county school board voted to build a new school on the 10-acre tract. The investor's proposed designation of the 1 0-acre tract for construction of a school building would best be described as a (an)","score":0,"choices":["equitable servitude.","easement for public use.","invalid legal agreement.","implied easement.","adverse possession.","restrictive covenant.","real estate lien.","unenforceable restriction.","right of way easement.","zoning regulation."],"correct":"B","answer":"F"}
{"number":985,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The investor's designation of the 10-acre tract for a school building is intended to benefit the public and future residents of the subdivision. This type of designation is typically known as a restrictive covenant, which is a binding legal obligation written into the deed of a property by the seller that restricts the use or activities that may take place on that property.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In 2006, an investor purchased a 100-acre tract located in a rural county. Shortly thereafter, the investor prepared a subdivision plan that created 90 one-acre residential building lots on this tract with the remaining 10-acre lot proposed for a public school building. In the investor's sales brochure promoting the subdivision, he stated that \"in addition to the close proximity of the proposed school for subdivision residents, the county school district would not need to expend tax money to acquire this property for school construction. \" In 2007, the subdivision plan was recorded with the county recorder's office. On January 15, 2009, the county school board voted to build a new school on the 10-acre tract. The investor's proposed designation of the 1 0-acre tract for construction of a school building would best be described as a (an)","score":0,"choices":["equitable servitude.","easement for public use.","invalid legal agreement.","implied easement.","adverse possession.","restrictive covenant.","real estate lien.","unenforceable restriction.","right of way easement.","zoning regulation."],"correct":"B","answer":"F"}
{"number":986,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. If the man's acquittal was based on justification, it means that the act of killing was legally permissible under the circumstances. Justification defenses include self-defense, defense of others, and necessity. If the killing was justified, then the defendant who instructed the man to kill would also have a valid defense because the act itself was not considered a crime.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant gave a man a gun and instructed him to kill a victim. The man shot and killed the victim with the gun. The man was charged with murder and acquitted. The defendant is now charged with the murder of the victim. He will be able to assert a valid defense if the man's acquittal was based on which of the following?","score":0,"choices":["Justification.","Self-defense.","Mistake of fact.","Entrapment.","Insanity.","Necessity.","Involuntary intoxication.","Diminished capacity.","The Wharton Rule.","Duress."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":988,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on nuisance law for help. In a nuisance claim, the key issue is whether the defendant's use of their property unreasonably interferes with the plaintiff's use and enjoyment of their property. The best defense would be one that directly addresses the reasonableness or foreseeability of the situation. \n\nA strong defense would be that the investor knew or should have known about the condition of the property when purchasing it, which implies that any nuisance was foreseeable and could have been factored into the purchase decision.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"An environmentalist was very interested in environmental issues, particularly protection of wetland areas. He decided to dig out the lawn in his back yard and turn the space into a swampy marsh. Eventually, his back yard was filled with tall grasses, reeds, and other marsh plants. A wide variety of frogs, turtles, snakes, birds, and other animals inhabited the yard. The ground was usually covered by several inches of standing water. The environmentalist's neighbors were not pleased with the condition of the environmentalist's yard. They complained that it produced foul odors, and they claimed that the standing water was a breeding ground for mosquitoes and other insects. Several months after the environmentalist converted his yard into a marsh, a real estate investor purchased the house closest to the environmentalist's back yard swamp. The investor lived in a large city several hundred miles away, and he purchased the house next to the environmentalist's for investment purposes. The investor rented the house to a family under a long-term lease. The tenant family complained frequently to the investor about being annoyed by the environmentalist's yard. If the investor asserts a nuisance claim against the environmentalist, the environmentalist's best defense would be","score":0,"choices":["that the investor failed to conduct a proper inspection of the property and surrounding area before purchasing the house.","that the investor owns the property but has rented it out, so the investor does not have actual possession or the right to immediate possession of the land.","that the environmentalist's yard is actually beneficial to the community by providing a natural habitat for local wildlife.","that the environmentalist has a right to use his property as he sees fit, as long as it does not harm others.","that the investor has not shown that the marsh has negatively affected the value of his property.","that the swampy condition of his yard attracts a variety of wildlife, which increases biodiversity.","that when the investor purchased the house, he knew or should have known about the swampy condition of the environmentalist's property.","that he had sound environmental reasons for maintaining the swampy condition of his yard.","that the standing water in his yard is not the source of the mosquito problem.","that turning his yard into a swampy marsh did not violate any zoning ordinance."],"correct":"B","answer":"G"}
{"number":989,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The woman conveyed the land to her friend for life, creating a life estate in the friend. Upon the friend's death, the land was to go to the neighbor \"and her heirs,\" creating a vested remainder in the neighbor. Since the neighbor's interest was vested, it was devisable and passed under her will to the local charity. The daughter's quitclaim deed has no effect because she had no interest to convey after the neighbor's death.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A woman owned land in fee simple absolute. The woman conveyed the land to a friend \"for life,\" and when the friend died the land was to go to the woman's neighbor \"and her heirs.\" The neighbor died and in her duly probated will devised her entire estate to a local charity. If she had died intestate, her daughter would have been her only heir. One year after the neighbor died, her daughter executed a quitclaim deed conveying any interest she might have in the land to the woman's friend. The common law Rule Against Perpetuities is unmodified in the jurisdiction. There are no other applicable statutes. Who has what interest in the land?","score":1,"choices":["The friend has a life estate and the woman has a reversion, because the neighbor's remainder was void under the Rule Against Perpetuities.","The friend has a fee simple absolute, because his life estate merged with the remainder conveyed to him by the daughter.","The friend has a life estate and the charity has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's interest was devisable and her will transferred her entire estate.","The friend has a fee simple absolute, because the quitclaim deed from the daughter transferred any interest she might have had in the land.","The friend has a life estate and the daughter has a contingent remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor's heirs.","The friend has a life estate and the daughter has a vested remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor's heirs.","The friend has a life estate and the woman's neighbor has a vested remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor.","The friend has a life estate and the charity has a vested remainder, because the neighbor's interest was devisable.","The friend has a life estate and the local charity has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's will transferred her entire estate.","The friend has a life estate and the woman's neighbor has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's will devised her entire estate to a local charity."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":990,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The woman conveyed the land to her friend for life, creating a life estate in the friend. Upon the friend's death, the land was to go to the neighbor and her heirs, creating a remainder interest in the neighbor. The neighbor's interest was vested because it was certain to become possessory upon the friend's death and was not subject to any condition precedent other than the natural termination of the friend's life estate.\n\nWhen the neighbor died, her vested remainder interest passed according to her will to the local charity. The quitclaim deed from the daughter does not affect this because the daughter had no interest to convey; her mother had already devised her entire estate to the charity.\n\nTherefore, the friend has a life estate, and upon the friend's death, the local charity will have a fee simple absolute.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A woman owned land in fee simple absolute. The woman conveyed the land to a friend \"for life,\" and when the friend died the land was to go to the woman's neighbor \"and her heirs.\" The neighbor died and in her duly probated will devised her entire estate to a local charity. If she had died intestate, her daughter would have been her only heir. One year after the neighbor died, her daughter executed a quitclaim deed conveying any interest she might have in the land to the woman's friend. The common law Rule Against Perpetuities is unmodified in the jurisdiction. There are no other applicable statutes. Who has what interest in the land?","score":1,"choices":["The friend has a life estate and the woman has a reversion, because the neighbor's remainder was void under the Rule Against Perpetuities.","The friend has a fee simple absolute, because his life estate merged with the remainder conveyed to him by the daughter.","The friend has a life estate and the charity has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's interest was devisable and her will transferred her entire estate.","The friend has a fee simple absolute, because the quitclaim deed from the daughter transferred any interest she might have had in the land.","The friend has a life estate and the daughter has a contingent remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor's heirs.","The friend has a life estate and the daughter has a vested remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor's heirs.","The friend has a life estate and the woman's neighbor has a vested remainder, because the deed from the woman created an interest in the neighbor.","The friend has a life estate and the charity has a vested remainder, because the neighbor's interest was devisable.","The friend has a life estate and the local charity has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's will transferred her entire estate.","The friend has a life estate and the woman's neighbor has a contingent remainder, because the neighbor's will devised her entire estate to a local charity."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":991,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects against being tried twice for the same offense. However, under the \"dual sovereignty\" doctrine, both state and federal governments can prosecute an individual for the same act without violating double jeopardy because they are separate sovereigns.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A suspected drug dealer was arrested after selling three grams of cocaine to undercover police agents. He was subsequently convicted in state court of possession with intent to distribute narcotics. Following his conviction, the drug dealer was sentenced to a prison term of 10 years. After being sentenced, the drug dealer's attorney appealed the conviction, citing jury misconduct. While his appeal was pending, the drug dealer was then indicted by both a federal and a state grand jury for conspiracy to distribute the same cocaine. The drug dealer's attorney filed motions to dismiss each of the new indictments on the grounds that they violate double jeopardy. In all likelihood, double jeopardy requires the dismissal of","score":1,"choices":["both indictments.","the federal indictment, if the state indictment is dismissed.","both indictments, if the appeal is successful.","the state indictment, if the federal court conviction is upheld.","neither of the indictments.","the federal indictment, but not the state indictment.","the state indictment, but not the federal indictment.","the federal indictment, if the state court conviction is upheld.","both indictments, if the appeal is unsuccessful.","the state indictment, if the federal indictment is dismissed."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":992,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects against being tried twice for the same offense. However, under the \"separate sovereigns\" doctrine, both federal and state governments can prosecute an individual for the same act without violating double jeopardy because they are considered separate entities. Therefore, neither indictment would be dismissed on double jeopardy grounds based on this doctrine.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A suspected drug dealer was arrested after selling three grams of cocaine to undercover police agents. He was subsequently convicted in state court of possession with intent to distribute narcotics. Following his conviction, the drug dealer was sentenced to a prison term of 10 years. After being sentenced, the drug dealer's attorney appealed the conviction, citing jury misconduct. While his appeal was pending, the drug dealer was then indicted by both a federal and a state grand jury for conspiracy to distribute the same cocaine. The drug dealer's attorney filed motions to dismiss each of the new indictments on the grounds that they violate double jeopardy. In all likelihood, double jeopardy requires the dismissal of","score":1,"choices":["both indictments.","the federal indictment, if the state indictment is dismissed.","both indictments, if the appeal is successful.","the state indictment, if the federal court conviction is upheld.","neither of the indictments.","the federal indictment, but not the state indictment.","the state indictment, but not the federal indictment.","the federal indictment, if the state court conviction is upheld.","both indictments, if the appeal is unsuccessful.","the state indictment, if the federal indictment is dismissed."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":993,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The covenant against encumbrances is a promise that there are no encumbrances (such as liens or mortgages) on the property at the time of conveyance, except those specifically stated in the deed. In this case, the buyer discovered an unsatisfied mortgage from 1936 after taking possession of the property. Since this mortgage was not disclosed and was an existing encumbrance at the time of conveyance, it constitutes a breach of the covenant against encumbrances.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"In 1888, a landowner owned a dairy farm. The landowner conveyed this real property to his son in1938. In 1953, the son conveyed the dairy farm to his friend. This deed was not recorded until after the son's death in 1957. In 1956, the son mortgaged the dairy farm to the bank. The mortgage instrument, which was recorded in 1956, recited that it was subordinate to a mortgage on the same land given by the son to an investor in 1936 and recorded in 1936. In that instrument the son purported to grant the investor a mortgage on the dairy farm. In 1979, the friend conveyed the dairy farm to a farmer. This deed was duly recorded, but did not mention any mortgage. In 2008, a buyer entered into an agreement with the farmer, whereby the farmer would convey the dairy farm in fee simple to the buyer for the sum of $75,000. The closing date was set for January 15, 2009. All of the deeds mentioned in the aforementioned transactions are general warranty deeds. In addition, this jurisdiction has a notice-type recording statute and follows a title theory for mortgages. On January 15, 2009, the sale of the dairy farm is finalized and the buyer paid the farmer $75,000. The fanner executed a general warranty deed. The deed contains the following covenants of title:(1) Covenant for seisin. (2) Covenant of the right to convey. (3) Covenant against encumbrances. After the buyer takes possession of the dairy farm, he learns of the son Â€Â”investor 1936 mortgage, which was not satisfied, and seeks monetary damages for breach of the covenant against encumbrances. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances is a guarantee to the grantee that the property is not subject to outstanding rights or interests.","the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances would be breached at the time the deed was delivered, thereby entitling the covenantee to recover damages.","the farmer, because the covenant against encumbrances may only be breached, if at all, at the time of conveyance.","the farmer, unless the covenantee is disturbed in his actual enjoyment of the land thereby conveyed."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":994,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on real property law for help. The covenant against encumbrances is a promise that there are no encumbrances (such as liens or mortgages) on the property at the time of conveyance, except those specifically mentioned in the deed. In this case, the buyer discovered an unsatisfied mortgage from 1936 after taking possession of the property. This means that the covenant against encumbrances was breached at the time of conveyance because the property was subject to an outstanding interest that was not disclosed.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In 1888, a landowner owned a dairy farm. The landowner conveyed this real property to his son in1938. In 1953, the son conveyed the dairy farm to his friend. This deed was not recorded until after the son's death in 1957. In 1956, the son mortgaged the dairy farm to the bank. The mortgage instrument, which was recorded in 1956, recited that it was subordinate to a mortgage on the same land given by the son to an investor in 1936 and recorded in 1936. In that instrument the son purported to grant the investor a mortgage on the dairy farm. In 1979, the friend conveyed the dairy farm to a farmer. This deed was duly recorded, but did not mention any mortgage. In 2008, a buyer entered into an agreement with the farmer, whereby the farmer would convey the dairy farm in fee simple to the buyer for the sum of $75,000. The closing date was set for January 15, 2009. All of the deeds mentioned in the aforementioned transactions are general warranty deeds. In addition, this jurisdiction has a notice-type recording statute and follows a title theory for mortgages. On January 15, 2009, the sale of the dairy farm is finalized and the buyer paid the farmer $75,000. The fanner executed a general warranty deed. The deed contains the following covenants of title:(1) Covenant for seisin. (2) Covenant of the right to convey. (3) Covenant against encumbrances. After the buyer takes possession of the dairy farm, he learns of the son Â€Â”investor 1936 mortgage, which was not satisfied, and seeks monetary damages for breach of the covenant against encumbrances. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the farmer, unless the covenantee is disturbed in his actual enjoyment of the land thereby conveyed.","the buyer, if the farmer knew about the mortgage to the investor but did not disclose it.","the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances protects against future claims on the property.","the buyer, because the covenant of the right to convey was breached.","the farmer, because the son's mortgage to the investor was not mentioned in the deed.","the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances is a guarantee to the grantee that the property is not subject to outstanding rights or interests.","the farmer, if the mortgage to the investor was satisfied before the sale to the buyer.","the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances would be breached at the time the deed was delivered, thereby entitling the covenantee to recover damages.","the farmer, because the buyer did not perform a thorough title search before purchasing the property.","the farmer, because the covenant against encumbrances may only be breached, if at all, at the time of conveyance."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":995,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on eminent domain for help. The Fifth Amendment, incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment, allows for the taking of private property for public use with just compensation. However, it does not explicitly require that payment be made prior to the condemnation of the property; it requires that just compensation be provided. Therefore, the best ground for upholding the state court's order is that the Fifth Amendment does not require payment prior to condemnation.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A corporation, under the authority of a statute of the state, sued to have condemned 1,000 acres of forested land owned by a timber company, which it planned to develop for use as a state recreational area and state game lands. After a hearing, the state court ordered possession of the land surrendered to the corporation, prior to determination of compensation, upon deposit in court of a sum deemed adequate to cover damages that might be awarded. The timber company immediately commenced an action to enjoin the court-ordered sale of its property. Which of the following would be the best ground for upholding the state court's order?","score":0,"choices":["The Fifth Amendment's power of eminent domain, incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment as applicable to the states, requires that payment be made prior to condemnation of the property.","The injured party has the right to refuse the condemnation of the property under any circumstances.","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated to a public authority through a legislative determination.","The power of eminent domain can be delegated to any entity, regardless of its public or private status.","The Fifth Amendment's power of eminent domain, incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment as applicable to the states, does not require that payment be made prior to condemnation of the property.","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated directly to a private enterprise for a public related use or activity.","The injured party has not proved such irreparable injury as amounts to a \"taking,\" but the state court's order is lawful nonetheless.","The injured party has not proved such irreparable injury to use as amounts to a \"taking. \"","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated to a private enterprise through a legislative determination.","The power of eminent domain can only be exercised by the state and cannot be delegated to a corporation."],"correct":"F","answer":"E"}
{"number":996,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In cases involving multiple tortfeasors who independently contribute to an indivisible injury, the principle of joint and several liability often applies. This means that each tortfeasor can be held liable for the entire injury, even if their individual contribution to the harm cannot be precisely determined. The homeowner's inability to show how much damage each party inflicted does not necessarily absolve either party from liability.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A homeowner resides downhill from a metal fabrication facility. She has sued both the owner of the facility and the supplier of a solvent used at the facility. She contends that contaminants, consisting mostly of the solvent, were released into the ground at the facility and have migrated and continue to migrate to her property, contaminating the soil, the groundwater, and her well. She alleges various acts of negligence on the part of the facility owner in causing the release of the contaminants into the ground. She also alleges that employees of the solvent supplier were negligent in frequently the solvent supplier were negligent in frequently spilling some of the solvent onto the ground while filling a rooftop tank at the facility. The solvent supplier has moved for summary judgment, arguing that if there was any contamination, the facility owner and the supplier independently contributed indeterminate amounts to the contamination and that therefore the homeowner cannot show how much damage each has inflicted on her. There is no evidence that the facility owner and the solvent supplier acted in concert. Should the court grant the summary judgment motion?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the solvent supplier should have taken precautions to prevent spills.","No, because the solvent supplier is directly responsible for the contamination.","Yes, because the solvent supplier can't be held accountable for the negligence of the facility owner.","Yes, because there is no basis for allocating damages against the solvent supplier. damages against the solvent supplier.","Yes, because the negligence of the facility owner is the primary cause of contamination.","No, because the solvent supplier is vicariously liable for damage inflicted by the facility owner.","Yes, because there is no evidence that the facility owner and the solvent supplier acted in concert.","Yes, because the homeowner does not have substantial proof of contamination.","No, because concurrent tortfeasors are jointly and severally liable for an indivisible injury.","No, because the solvent supplier and the facility owner are both responsible for the contamination, regardless of the amount each contributed."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":997,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under common law principles, a possessor of land generally owes very limited duties to an undiscovered trespasser. Specifically, there is no duty to make the land safe or to warn of dangers for undiscovered trespassers. This includes both natural and artificial conditions, as well as active operations on the land. Therefore, the correct statement that does not align with these principles is that there is a duty for natural conditions.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Under common law principles, which of the following is not correct regarding the duty owed by a possessor of land towards an undiscovered trespasser?","score":1,"choices":["No duty for artificial conditions.","A duty for natural conditions.","No duty for natural conditions.","No duty for active operations."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":999,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects individuals from being tried twice for the same offense. However, there is an exception known as the \"separate sovereigns\" doctrine, which allows different levels of government (e.g., state and city) to prosecute the same individual for the same conduct under their respective laws. Since the city and state are considered separate sovereigns, the city attorney can prosecute the defendant even after a mistrial at the state level.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute making it a misdemeanor for any person to smoke a cigarette, cigar, or pipe in any restaurant, bar, cafe, or other establishment within the state. A defendant was tried in state court for violating the anti-smoking statute. The prosecution's evidence consisted of testimony regarding the defendant's cigarette smoking at a restaurant. During the prosecution's case-in-chief, they called a witness who testified to a prior conviction of the defendant that had been excluded by the judge in a pretrial hearing. The judge immediately granted a mistrial and excused the jury. The state prosecutor appealed the ruling under a statute that permitted prosecutorial appeals in such circumstances. The state won the appeal, but the prosecutor decided not to re-prosecute the defendant. However, the city attorney from the city in which the restaurant was located then sought to prosecute the defendant for the same incident under the city's anti-smoking ordinance, which was identical to the state statute. The city attorney planned to call as her only witness a man who testified at the defendant's first trial. The defendant moved to dismiss on the grounds that the prosecution of the city charge would violate his rights against double jeopardy. The court should","score":0,"choices":["deny the motion, because the judge granted a mistrial.","grant the motion, because it is the same incident being prosecuted.","grant the motion, because the city attorney is using the same witness.","grant the motion, because the law and the evidence will be identical at the second trial.","deny the motion, because the city's anti-smoking ordinance is separate from the state statute.","grant the motion, because jeopardy attached in the first prosecution.","deny the motion, because the city has its own jurisdiction.","grant the motion, because the defendant was not re-prosecuted by the state.","deny the motion, because the city and the state are separate sovereigns."],"correct":"A","answer":"I"}
{"number":1000,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects individuals from being tried twice for the same offense. However, the \"separate sovereigns\" doctrine allows different levels of government (state and city) to prosecute the same individual for the same conduct under their respective laws. In this case, the city and state are considered separate sovereigns, so double jeopardy does not apply.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute making it a misdemeanor for any person to smoke a cigarette, cigar, or pipe in any restaurant, bar, cafe, or other establishment within the state. A defendant was tried in state court for violating the anti-smoking statute. The prosecution's evidence consisted of testimony regarding the defendant's cigarette smoking at a restaurant. During the prosecution's case-in-chief, they called a witness who testified to a prior conviction of the defendant that had been excluded by the judge in a pretrial hearing. The judge immediately granted a mistrial and excused the jury. The state prosecutor appealed the ruling under a statute that permitted prosecutorial appeals in such circumstances. The state won the appeal, but the prosecutor decided not to re-prosecute the defendant. However, the city attorney from the city in which the restaurant was located then sought to prosecute the defendant for the same incident under the city's anti-smoking ordinance, which was identical to the state statute. The city attorney planned to call as her only witness a man who testified at the defendant's first trial. The defendant moved to dismiss on the grounds that the prosecution of the city charge would violate his rights against double jeopardy. The court should","score":0,"choices":["deny the motion, because the judge granted a mistrial.","grant the motion, because it is the same incident being prosecuted.","grant the motion, because the city attorney is using the same witness.","deny the motion, because the first trial resulted in a mistrial.","grant the motion, because the law and the evidence will be identical at the second trial.","deny the motion, because the city's anti-smoking ordinance is separate from the state statute.","grant the motion, because jeopardy attached in the first prosecution.","deny the motion, because the city has its own jurisdiction.","grant the motion, because the defendant was not re-prosecuted by the state.","deny the motion, because the city and the state are separate sovereigns."],"correct":"A","answer":"J"}
{"number":1001,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. \n\n1. Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the property owner and the shopkeeper because they have a direct lease agreement.\n2. Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the shopkeeper and the corporation because the shopkeeper directly leased the premises to the corporation.\n3. Privity of estate, but not privity of contract, exists between the property owner and the corporation because while the corporation is in possession of the property (creating privity of estate), there is no direct contractual relationship between them.\n4. Neither privity of estate nor privity of contract exists between the property owner and the nonprofit organization because there is no direct lease or contractual relationship, nor is the nonprofit organization in possession under a direct lease from the property owner.\n\nTherefore, all statements are correct except for statement C.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A property owner owned a large building in the city. The owner leased the building to a shopkeeper for a period of 20 years at a rental of $10,000 per month. The leasehold agreement between property owner and shopkeeper provided that the latter was not permitted \"to assign this lease to anyone except a corporation with an Â€Â˜A' credit rating from a well- known credit rating company. \" One month later, the shopkeeper leased the premises to a corporation that did not have the required credit rating. The shopkeeper-corporation lease was for a period of five years, with a rental of $15,000 per month, payable by the corporation to the shopkeeper. In addition, the corporation agreed to abide \"by all of the terms and conditions of the lease between the property owner and the shopkeeper. \"One year later, the corporation leased the premises to a non-profit organization for the balance of the term of the corporation Â€Â”shopkeeper lease. The non-profit organization took possession of the said premises the same day that the corporation vacated its occupancy. Pursuant to the corporation Â€Â”nonprofit leasehold agreement, the latter was obligated to pay a monthly rental of $17,500 directly to the corporation. The non-profit organization has a Â€Â˜B' credit rating with the well-known credit rating company. Which of the following is not correct regarding the legal relationship(s) of the various parties?","score":1,"choices":["Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the property owner and the shopkeeper.","Privily of estate and privity of contract exist between the shopkeeper and the corporation.","Privily of estate, but not privily of contract, exists between property owner and the corporation.","Neither privily of estate nor privily of contract exists between the property owner and the nonprofit organization."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1002,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Privity of estate refers to the mutual or successive relationship to the same right in property, while privity of contract refers to the relationship between parties to a contract.\n\n- The property owner and the shopkeeper have both privity of estate and privity of contract due to their lease agreement.\n- The shopkeeper and the corporation have both privity of estate and privity of contract because the corporation agreed to abide by all terms and conditions of the original lease.\n- The corporation and the non-profit organization have both privity of estate and privity of contract due to their lease agreement.\n- The property owner and the corporation have privity of estate but not privity of contract since there was no direct contractual agreement between them.\n- The property owner and the non-profit organization do not have either privity of estate or privity of contract because there was no direct lease agreement between them.\n\nGiven these points, we can determine that:\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A property owner owned a large building in the city. The owner leased the building to a shopkeeper for a period of 20 years at a rental of $10,000 per month. The leasehold agreement between property owner and shopkeeper provided that the latter was not permitted \"to assign this lease to anyone except a corporation with an Â€Â˜A' credit rating from a well- known credit rating company. \" One month later, the shopkeeper leased the premises to a corporation that did not have the required credit rating. The shopkeeper-corporation lease was for a period of five years, with a rental of $15,000 per month, payable by the corporation to the shopkeeper. In addition, the corporation agreed to abide \"by all of the terms and conditions of the lease between the property owner and the shopkeeper. \"One year later, the corporation leased the premises to a non-profit organization for the balance of the term of the corporation Â€Â”shopkeeper lease. The non-profit organization took possession of the said premises the same day that the corporation vacated its occupancy. Pursuant to the corporation Â€Â”nonprofit leasehold agreement, the latter was obligated to pay a monthly rental of $17,500 directly to the corporation. The non-profit organization has a Â€Â˜B' credit rating with the well-known credit rating company. Which of the following is not correct regarding the legal relationship(s) of the various parties?","score":0,"choices":["Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the property owner and the non-profit organization.","Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the corporation and the non-profit organization.","Privity of contract, but not privity of estate, exists between the shopkeeper and the non-profit organization.","Privity of estate and privity of contract exist between the property owner and the shopkeeper.","Privily of estate, but not privily of contract, exists between property owner and the corporation.","Neither privity of estate nor privity of contract exists between the shopkeeper and the non-profit organization.","Neither privily of estate nor privily of contract exists between the property owner and the nonprofit organization.","Neither privity of estate nor privity of contract exists between the corporation and the non-profit organization.","Privily of estate and privity of contract exist between the shopkeeper and the corporation.","Privity of contract, but not privity of estate, exists between the property owner and the corporation."],"correct":"E","answer":"A"}
{"number":1003,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In this scenario, Cutler has a life estate in Desertacre, and he executed a mortgage on the property. When Osgood died, he devised Desertacre to Desmond with remainder to Deirdre, subject to Cutler's mortgage. \n\nDesmond's liability for the mortgage depends on whether he assumed the mortgage or not. Since Desmond did not personally grant the mortgage and there was no assumption of the mortgage by him, he would not be personally liable for it. The property itself is subject to the mortgage, but Desmond is not personally liable for the debt.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Osgood is the record owner of Desertacre, a 100- acre tract of farmland in California's Coachella Valley. Osgood inherited the property from his father and farmed the land until 2006, when he reached the age of 70. He then decided to retire and move to Scottsdale, Arizona. At that time, Osgood conveyed Desertacre to Cutler \"for his use during his natural life. \"After taking possession of the property, Cutler executed a mortgage on Desertacre in the amount of $100,000. In 2009, Osgood died and in his will, the testator devised Desertacre to his son, Desmond, with remainder to Deirdre. The will provided that Desmond and Deirdre took Desertacre \"subject to Cutler's mortgage. \"At the time of Osgood's death, Desertacre had a market value of $300,000. When Desmond learned of the devise, he was hesitant about taking title to Desertacre because he did not want to incur any indebtedness. Assume that Culter is still alive and in possession of the tract. With respect to the mortgage, Desmond will be","score":1,"choices":["liable for the mortgage, because he is the devisee under the terms of Osgood's will.","liable for the mortgage, because the property was devised subject to the mortgage.","not liable, because there was no assumption of the mortgage.","not liable, because he did not personally grant the mortgage."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1004,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In this scenario, Cutler, as the life tenant, is responsible for the mortgage he executed. Desmond and Deirdre take the property subject to Cutler's mortgage, but they are not personally liable for it. The mortgage remains Cutler's responsibility as long as he is alive and in possession of the property.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Osgood is the record owner of Desertacre, a 100- acre tract of farmland in California's Coachella Valley. Osgood inherited the property from his father and farmed the land until 2006, when he reached the age of 70. He then decided to retire and move to Scottsdale, Arizona. At that time, Osgood conveyed Desertacre to Cutler \"for his use during his natural life. \"After taking possession of the property, Cutler executed a mortgage on Desertacre in the amount of $100,000. In 2009, Osgood died and in his will, the testator devised Desertacre to his son, Desmond, with remainder to Deirdre. The will provided that Desmond and Deirdre took Desertacre \"subject to Cutler's mortgage. \"At the time of Osgood's death, Desertacre had a market value of $300,000. When Desmond learned of the devise, he was hesitant about taking title to Desertacre because he did not want to incur any indebtedness. Assume that Culter is still alive and in possession of the tract. With respect to the mortgage, Desmond will be","score":0,"choices":["liable, as he will inherit the property along with any attached liabilities.","liable for the mortgage, because the will did not explicitly exempt him from the debt.","not liable, because the mortgage is Cutler's responsibility as the life tenant.","liable for the mortgage, because he is the devisee under the terms of Osgood's will.","not liable, since the mortgage was not part of Osgood's original inheritance.","not liable, because there was no assumption of the mortgage.","not liable, because the mortgage was taken out after Osgood's conveyance to Cutler.","liable for the mortgage, because the property was devised subject to the mortgage.","not liable, because he did not personally grant the mortgage.","liable, because he is the direct descendant of the original property owner."],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":1005,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The court will look at the \"totality of the circumstances\" to determine if the suspect's waiver of Miranda rights and subsequent confession were made knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily. Factors such as the suspect's intellectual disabilities, his familiarity with the procedure, and the conditions of the interrogation will all be considered. Given that he had been interrogated before, signed a waiver, and was provided with basic needs during the interrogation, it is likely that the court will find that he understood the procedure and gave a voluntary confession despite his disabilities.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The police interrogated a suspect regarding a series of burglaries. The suspect had attention deficit disorder, dyslexia and an IQ of 72. Prior to beginning they read a list of Miranda rights to him on a form that the suspect had in front of him. After the reading, he initialed each paragraph indicating he understood. At the bottom of the form was an express written waiver of the Miranda rights, which he signed. He had been interrogated in the past and was familiar with the procedure. During the four hours of interrogation he was given bathroom breaks, coffee, and a sandwich. At the end of the process, he made a logical and seemingly cogent confession to all of the burglaries in a taped statement. The defendant later moved to suppress the confession, arguing that he was coming down from drugs at the time and was intellectually unable to understand and comprehend the nature of the warnings or the waiver. What is the most likely decision of the court under the totality of the circumstances?","score":1,"choices":["The suspect's past familiarity with the procedure proves he understood the situation and his confession is valid.","The suspect's signature on the waiver of Miranda rights is not enough to prove that he fully understood the situation.","The signing of a written waiver of Miranda rights is always proof that the suspect gave a voluntary confession.","The outward signs all indicate that the suspect understood the procedure and gave a voluntary confession despite his disabilities.","There are too many questionable deficiencies in the suspect's ability to understand what was going on and the confession must be suppressed.","The suspect was provided with basic needs during the interrogation, proving that it was not coercive.","The confession must be suppressed due to the suspect's intellectual disabilities and possible influence of drugs.","He was too confused to understand what was going on and the confession was coerced by the persistence of the police.","The suspect's disabilities make it impossible for him to understand the situation, thus the confession must be suppressed.","The suspect's comprehension of the Miranda rights is unclear, thus the confession must be reevaluated."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1006,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In criminal law, the prosecution generally bears the burden of proving all elements of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt, including disproving defenses raised by the defendant. However, certain affirmative defenses, like duress, may require the defendant to prove the defense by a preponderance of the evidence. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled in cases such as Patterson v. New York that states can place the burden of proving affirmative defenses on defendants without violating due process.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In her request for jury instructions on the defense of duress, a defendant argued that she should have the burden of producing some evidence of duress, but the prosecution should be required to disprove duress beyond a reasonable doubt. The trial court denied the defendant's request and instead instructed the jury that the defendant had the burden of proof to establish the defense of duress by a preponderance of the evidence. After she was convicted by the jury, the defendant claims on appeal that the jury instructions regarding duress violated the due process clause. Were the jury instructions correct?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the defendant should be required to provide more than just some evidence of duress.","No, because the defense of duress is no longer a recognized defense in federal prosecutions, although it was recognized at common law, and is recognized in most state courts.","No, because the prosecution should have been required to disprove duress beyond a reasonable doubt.","No, because the prosecution bears the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt on all elements and defenses produced at trial by a defendant.","No, because the due process clause requires that the burden of proof always rest with the prosecution.","Yes, because the prosecution does not bear the burden of proving the absence of duress.","Yes, because the jury instructions correctly stated that the defendant has the burden of proof to establish the defense of duress beyond a reasonable doubt.","Yes, because the defense has the burden of proving the defense of duress by a preponderance of the evidence.","No, because the jury instruction impermissibly shifts the burden of proof to the defendant.","No, because the jury instructions should have stated that the defendant only needs to provide some evidence of duress."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1007,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The boyfriend's actions contributed directly to the husband's death, making him complicit in the crime. Given that he provided the strychnine knowing it would be used to kill the husband, his involvement goes beyond mere possession of a deadly substance or conspiracy. The statute defines first-degree murder as an intentional and premeditated killing or one occurring during the perpetration of a felony. Since the boyfriend's actions facilitated the intentional and premeditated killing, he can be properly convicted of first-degree murder.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman was married to a very wealthy man who had a generous life insurance policy. Deciding that she had had enough of married life, and desiring to spend more time with her boyfriend, she began to plan an early and unexpected demise for her husband. The woman devised a scheme whereby she would contaminate her husband's guacamole with a poisonous substance called strychnine. To facilitate her plan, she enlisted the help of her boyfriend. At first, the boyfriend adamantly refused to go along with her scheme, but when the woman threatened to break off their relationship, he reluctantly agreed. The boyfriend, a pre-med student, got the strychnine from the pharmacy by telling them that he was using it for an experiment with rats. The boyfriend then gave the strychnine to the woman, who sprinkled it in her husband's guacamole. The husband died from the poisoning. A statute in the jurisdiction provides: \"Any intentional and premeditated killing or one occurring during the perpetration of a felony, is murder in the first degree. Murder in the second degree is murder with intent to cause serious bodily harm. Manslaughter is an unlawful killing due to recklessness. \" Assault with intent to kill or to cause serious physical injury is a felony in the jurisdiction. There are no separate felonies relating to adulterating food or poisoning. The most serious crime for which the boyfriend can properly be convicted is","score":1,"choices":["first-degree murder.","possession of a deadly substance.","second-degree murder.","assault with intent to kill.","manslaughter.","conspiracy to commit murder.","accessory to murder.","attempted murder.","aiding and abetting a felony.","no crime."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1008,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, privity of contract means that only the parties involved in the contract have the rights and obligations under that contract. The woman did not have a direct contract with the lumber yard; her contract was with the builder. Therefore, she cannot sue the lumber yard for breach of contract because there is no privity of contract between her and the lumber yard.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A woman hired a builder to build a house according to certain plans and specifications prepared by the woman's architect. The agreed upon price was $250,000, with construction to be completed within four months. Two weeks after the building contract was formed, the builder contacted a lumber yard to purchase wood necessary for the construction of the house. The builder and the owner of the lumber yard entered into a valid written agreement whereby the lumber yard was to supply the necessary lumber in exchange for $10,000, payable by the builder within 30 days. One week later, a fire destroyed a good portion of the lumber yard's supply of lumber. As a result, the lumber yard refused to supply lumber to the builder. The builder was unable to find another supplier of lumber and therefore notified the woman that he would be unable to complete her building on time. If the woman sues the owner of the lumber yard for breach of contract, will she prevail?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the builder's inability to complete the building due to the lumber yard's breach of contract directly affected the woman.","Yes, but only if the builder's contract with the owner of the lumber yard was not discharged by the fire.","Yes, but only if the woman had made an advance payment to the builder.","No, because privity of contract does not exist between the woman and the owner of the lumber yard.","No, because the builder did not notify the woman immediately after the fire at the lumber yard.","Yes, if the woman can prove that the lumber yard's refusal to supply lumber was the sole reason for the delay in construction.","Yes, because by operation of law the woman is an equitable assignee of the builder's claim against the owner of the lumber yard for breach of contract.","No, because the woman did not have a direct contract with the lumber yard, so she cannot sue for breach of contract.","No, because the fire was an act of nature and the lumber yard had no control over it.","No, because the woman is only an incidental beneficiary of the contract between the builder and the owner of the lumber yard."],"correct":"J","answer":"D"}
{"number":1009,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a notice jurisdiction, the last bona fide purchaser without notice of prior unrecorded interests prevails. The sequence of events and recordings are crucial here.\n\n1. Developer conveys to artist (not recorded yet).\n2. Artist conveys to bartender (not recorded yet).\n3. Artist conveys to counselor (recorded first).\n4. Developer-to-artist deed is recorded.\n5. Artist-to-bartender deed is recorded.\n6. Bartender conveys to dentist (recorded immediately after execution).\n7. Counselor conveys to engineer (recorded immediately after execution).\n\nSince the counselor recorded the deed before any other conveyance was recorded, and assuming the counselor had no notice of the bartender's interest, the counselor would have priority over subsequent purchasers.\n\nThe engineer, who took from the counselor, would thus have a valid title as well.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A developer is the owner of a parcel of land in fee simple absolute (the record title is also in the developer). The parcel of land is and has been unpossessed land. Assume that each person listed below as the grantee in a deed paid value and took without actual notice of any facts that would defeat her title and without knowledge of any facts that would put her on inquiry, both at the time she took her deed and at the time she recorded it. The following conveyances, each by a general warranty deed, take place in the order listed: An artist conveys to a bartender; the developer conveys to the artist; the artist conveys to a counselor; the bartender conveys to a dentist; the counselor conveys to an engineer. No deed was recorded until after the artist-to- counselor deed was executed and then before the execution of any other deed, the order of recording was as follows: developer to artist; artist to bartender; artist to counselor. The bartender-to-dentist deed and counselor-to- engineer deed were each recorded immediately after their respective executions. The owner of the parcel of land in a notice jurisdiction is","score":1,"choices":["the artist.","the engineer.","the developer.","the dentist.","all of the above.","the developer and the artist jointly.","the bartender.","the counselor and the engineer jointly.","none of the above."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1010,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The statute designed to protect minors from delinquency logically implies that a minor cannot be prosecuted as an accomplice to the crime of contributing to their own delinquency. This is because the law aims to protect them, not prosecute them for being victims of such influence.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"One afternoon, police officers observed a man and a14-year-old girl smoking marijuana together. They arrested the man and charged him with the separate offenses of (1) possession of a controlled dangerous substance, and (2) contributing to the delinquency of a minor. The girl was also arrested and charged with being an accomplice to the crime of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. At trial, the girl's best defense is that","score":1,"choices":["the man, the adult principal, must be convicted before any prosecution can be maintained against a minor.","she was forced by the man to smoke marijuana.","she was unaware of the consequences of her actions due to her age.","the girl did not know the substance was marijuana, thus she cannot be held accountable.","since the statute was designed to protect minors, the girl cannot be prosecuted as an accomplice.","the girl was under the influence and thus not fully conscious of her actions.","smoking marijuana does not necessarily make her an accomplice to the crime.","a minor cannot be prosecuted for an adult crime.","the girl cannot be prosecuted as an accomplice because she was also a victim.","the girl did not supply the marijuana, thus she cannot be held responsible."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1011,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on conspiracy law for help. In jurisdictions that have adopted the bilateral requirement for conspiracy, there must be an agreement between two or more parties to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of that agreement. The man agreed with the woman to rob the bank and stole a car as part of their plan, which constitutes an overt act in furtherance of the conspiracy. His later attempt to withdraw does not absolve him from liability for the conspiracy that had already been formed.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man and a woman agreed that the woman would rob a bank and that the man would steal a car beforehand for the woman to use as a getaway vehicle. The man stole a car and parked it two blocks from the bank. He left the car key under the floor mat with a note saying that he wanted nothing more to do with the scheme. The next day, the woman robbed the bank and ran to the spot where the man had said he would leave the stolen car. She then escaped in the car and disappeared. She never shared any of the money with the man. In a jurisdiction that has adopted the bilateral requirement for conspiracy, can the man properly be convicted of conspiring with the woman to rob the bank?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the man was a part of the initial planning of the robbery.","Yes, because the man committed a crime (stealing a car) in furtherance of the conspiracy.","Yes, because the robbery was successful due in part to the man's actions.","Yes, because the man provided the getaway vehicle.","Yes, because there was an agreement to rob the bank and an overt act in furtherance of the agreement.","No, because the man expressed his intention to withdraw from the conspiracy.","No, because the man received no benefit from the robbery.","No, because the woman did not share the money with the man.","No, because the man did not participate in the actual robbery."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1012,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The employment contract specifies that the bonus is \"to be determined by the employer within two weeks after the year's profits have been ascertained.\" This indicates that the bonus amount is at the discretion of the employer, based on the profits of the business. The employee's demand for a specific bonus amount does not align with the terms of the contract, which grants the employer discretion in determining the bonus.\n\nFurthermore, unless there are specific provisions in the contract or applicable employment laws that protect against termination without cause, employment contracts can often be terminated by either party. However, this does not necessarily absolve the employer from obligations under the contract up to the point of termination.\n\nGiven these considerations, the most accurate statement is that the employer has the right to decide the bonus amount, thus there is no breach of contract.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An employee was hired under a written contract to work for an employer for five years at a monthly salary of $1,500. In addition, the employment contract provided that the employer would pay the employee an annual bonus \"to be determined by the employer within two weeks after the year's profits have been ascertained. \"At the end of the first year, the business showed a net profit of $50,000. Accordingly, the employer and the employee agreed that the employee should receive a bonus of $5,000. This amount was subsequently paid to the employee. At the end of the second year, the business realized a net profit of $10,000. Once the profit had been calculated, the employer telephoned the employee and offered him a second-year bonus of $1,000. The employee refused and demanded a bonus of $2,000. The employer refused the employee's demand and immediately terminated his employment. Following his dismissal, the employee brought suit for breach of contract against the employer. Which of the following is the most accurate statement?","score":0,"choices":["The employer is excused for his obligation to pay a bonus, because of the unforeseen downtum in business during the second year.","The employee is entitled to a $2,000 bonus as he demanded, since the contract did not specify the conditions for the bonus amount.","The employer can terminate the contract as the profits were not as expected.","The employee is not entitled to any recovery, because employment contracts are generally terminable at will.","The employer has the right to decide the bonus amount, thus there is no breach of contract.","The employer is not obligated to pay a bonus as it was discretionary based on profits.","The employee is entitled to a bonus equivalent to the first year since the contract did not specify the bonus amount would change.","The employee can sue for breach of contract but cannot claim for the second year's bonus.","The employee is not entitled to a bonus, but the employee can sue for loss of wages."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1013,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Assault in tort law requires an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact. The key element here is the intent to cause apprehension. If the hunter did not intend to scare or harm the hiker, then the hiker's claim for assault would likely fail.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A person was taking a long hike on a trail through a forest in a state park. As the hiker came around a bend in the trail, he suddenly saw a hunter standing next to the trail, looking in the other direction. The hunter was holding a rifle. The hunter turned, causing the rifle to be pointed at the hiker. The hiker felt sure that he was going to get shot, but the gun did not go off. The hiker asserts a claim for assault against the hunter. In his action, the most likely result is that the hiker will","score":0,"choices":["recover, if the hiker can prove negligence on the hunter's part.","recover, if the hunter knew the hiker was there when he turned.","recover, because the hunter's rifle was pointed directly at him.","recover, if the hiker feared for his life.","not recover, if the hunter did not intend to shoot the hiker.","not recover, unless the hiker can prove the hunter saw him.","not recover, if the hiker failed to make his presence known to the hunter.","recover, because the hunter's decision to carry the gun was voluntary.","not recover, unless the hunter intended to scare the hiker."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1014,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement appurtenant is a right that benefits a particular piece of land (the dominant estate) and runs with the land, meaning it is transferred along with the property when it is sold. The easement was properly recorded and thus should remain in effect unless it has been expressly released or extinguished by merger. When the farmer owned both the dominant (vineyard) and servient (orange grove) estates, the easement was extinguished by merger because one cannot have an easement over their own property. However, once the farmer conveyed the vineyard to the investor, the properties were no longer under common ownership, and the easement should be reinstated.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An orange grove and a vineyard are adjoining tracts of land located in a county. In 2006, a farmer purchased the orange grove, a 10-acre tract, in fee simple absolute. The vineyard, a 20-acre tract situated to the north of the orange grove, was owned by a rancher in fee simple absolute. A remote predecessor of the farmer had granted to a shepherd a way for egress and ingress across the orange grove under such terms and circumstances that an easement appurtenant to the vineyard was created. This right-of-way was executed by deed and properly recorded. The shepherd, however, never made any actual use of the right-of-way. In 2010, the rancher conveyed the vineyard to the farmer. The next year, the farmer conveyed the vineyard by deed to an investor for a consideration of $200,000, receipt of which was acknowledged. Neither the rancher Â€Â”farmer deed nor the farmer Â€Â” investor deed contained any reference to the easement for right-of-way. The investor has now claimed that she has a right-of-way across the orange grove. The farmer, on the other hand, has informed the investor that no such easement exists. Assume that the orange grove abuts a public highway. The only access to that public highway for the vineyard is across the orange grove. If the investor initiates an appropriate action to determine her right to use the right-of-way across the orange grove, she should","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because once an easement is properly recorded, it remains in effect ad finem until expressly released.","prevail, because the farmer was aware of the easement when he purchased the vineyard.","not prevail, because any easements were extinguished by merger when the farmer acquired a fee simple in the vineyard.","prevail, because the vineyard has no other access to the public highway.","not prevail, because the easement was never actually used by the shepherd.","prevail, because an easement by implication arose from the farmer's conveyance to the investor.","prevail, because the right-of-way was granted by a remote predecessor and not the farmer.","not prevail, because the farmer has the right to revoke the easement at any time.","not prevail, because the deed of conveyance from the farmer to the investor failed to contain any mention of the right-of-way.","not prevail, because the right-of-way was not included in the farmer-investor deed."],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":1015,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Attempted murder requires specific intent to kill and a direct action towards committing the murder. In this scenario, the defendant was driving recklessly, but there is no evidence that he specifically intended to kill the woman or anyone else. Reckless driving can lead to charges such as vehicular manslaughter or reckless endangerment, but not attempted murder without specific intent.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant was driving his car recklessly at a high rate of speed through a residential neighborhood. He was traveling at a speed of over 100 M. P. H. when he lost control of the car and jumped a curb, striking a woman who was walking along the sidewalk. As a result of the collision, the woman suffered severe internal injuries and fractured both legs. She was hospitalized for 11 months and became permanently disabled. If the defendant is charged with attempted murder, he should be found","score":1,"choices":["not guilty, because the woman should have avoided the car.","not guilty, because he lost control of the vehicle.","guilty, because criminal liability is predicated upon the defendant's willful and wanton disregard for the safety of others.","not guilty, because he didn't specifically target the woman.","guilty, because he should have stopped when he lost control of the car.","not guilty, because the defendant did not intend to kill the woman.","not guilty, because the defendant had no control over the car at the time of the accident.","guilty, because he was driving over the speed limit.","guilty, because a person is presumed to intend the natural and probable consequences of his acts.","guilty, because the defendant was aware of the potential consequences of his reckless driving."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1016,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on Miranda rights and custodial interrogation for help. The key issue here is whether the confession was given voluntarily and with a full understanding of his rights. The suspect was given his Miranda rights in writing, read them out loud, and acknowledged understanding them. However, he did not sign a waiver or a written confession, and he was largely silent during the interrogation. The critical factor is the use of religious deception (asking if he was ready to ask God for forgiveness) which led to his emotional response and admission of guilt. Courts have ruled that such tactics can render a confession involuntary as they exploit the suspect's emotions and beliefs.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man was under custodial interrogation as a suspect in the murder of a child. The police initially gave him a written list of his Miranda rights. They told him to read the list out loud, which he did. They then asked him if he understood the right to remain silent and to have a lawyer present and he nodded affirmatively. He refused to sign the writing but did not ask for an attorney. During the next three hours they interrogated him and got few answers; he was largely silent but did respond at times with a \"no\" or \"yes\" or a nod of the head. Then one of the detectives asked him if he was ready to ask God for forgiveness for killing the child. His eyes welled with tears and he said \"yes.\" This opened further questioning leading to his admission of guilt. He would not sign a written confession or a waiver of the right to remain silent. He was arrested for murder and moved to suppress the confession. Will the court suppress the confession as being involuntarily given?","score":0,"choices":["No, the suspect's emotional response and admission of guilt indicates a voluntary confession.","Yes, the confession is considered involuntary because he did not sign a written waiver of his right to remain silent.","Yes, the suspect's refusal to sign the written confession and waiver of rights indicates the confession was involuntary.","No, the suspect's engagement in the questioning, although minimal, demonstrates an understanding and voluntary waiver of his rights.","No, the confession is not considered involuntary as the suspect voluntarily answered the questions without the presence of an attorney.","Yes, the confession must be suppressed because the suspect was largely silent during the interrogation, indicating a lack of willingness to participate.","Yes, the use of religious deception to get a suspect to admit to crime renders the confession involuntary.","No, the circumstances indicate that he understood that he could stop the questioning and get a lawyer but he did not do so.","Yes, the confession must be suppressed because he was questioned for over three hours, making anything he said essentially involuntary.","No, whenever a written list of Miranda warnings is given to a suspect and he doesn't ask for a lawyer, this is proof that the suspect fully understands his rights."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1017,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a pure race jurisdiction, the first party to record their deed has priority, regardless of notice of prior unrecorded conveyances. The sequence of events is as follows:\n\n1. February 1: Man conveys orchard to gardener (recorded).\n2. February 2: Gardener conveys orchard to landscaper (not recorded).\n3. February 4: Gardener conveys orchard to friend (recorded).\n4. February 5: Friend conveys orchard to investor (recorded).\n5. February 6: Landscaper records her deed.\n\nSince the friend recorded his deed before the landscaper and then conveyed the property to the investor who also recorded his deed before the landscaper, the investor would have priority under a pure race statute.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"On February 1, a man conveys his orchard to a gardener, and the gardener duly records the conveyance. The following day, the gardener conveys the property to a landscaper; she does not record her deed. Then on February 4, the gardener executes an identical conveyance of the orchard to a friend. The friend gives the gardener a check for $100,000 for the property and records the conveyance, even though he has actual knowledge of the prior conveyance to the landscaper. The landscaper, however, records her deed on February 6. The friend then conveys his interest in the farm to an investor, who gives a purchase price of $115,000 to the friend. On February 5, the investor purchases the farm without notice of the conveyance to the landscaper and duly records the deed. Suppose that the jurisdiction in which the property is located has a pure race statute as their deed recordation law. Under these circumstances, which of the aforementioned parties would ultimately prevail?","score":1,"choices":["The gardener.","The investor.","The friend.","The landscaper and the friend jointly.","None of the parties, the original man reclaims the property.","The friend and the investor jointly.","The landscaper.","The investor's agent.","The jurisdiction in which the property is located.","The gardener's friend."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1018,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. First degree murder requires premeditation and specific intent to kill, which the defense argues the drunk man could not form due to his intoxication. Involuntary manslaughter involves unintentional killing due to reckless behavior, which does not fit this scenario as the act was intentional. Voluntary manslaughter involves killing in the heat of passion, but there was no provocation that would reduce the charge from murder. Negligent homicide involves death caused by gross negligence, which also does not fit since the act was intentional. Felony murder applies when a death occurs during the commission of a felony, which is not relevant here.\n\nSecond degree murder typically involves an intentional killing that is not premeditated or planned, nor committed in a reasonable \"heat of passion.\" Given the facts, the defendant intentionally shot and killed the businessman without premeditation, making second degree murder the most appropriate charge.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A very drunk man was sitting in a bar drinking. A businessman customer came and sat beside him. They did not know each other. The businessman had slightly grazed against the drunk man's body. \"Man, are you trying to kill me or something?'' said the very drunk man. The businessman did not think anything of it, since he had barely grazed the drunkard. The drunk continued to bully the businessman, calling him made-up names, and saying things that were nonsensical to the businessman and to others at the bar who were listening to the drunk's boisterous and irrational rants. The drunk then took a gun out of his pocket and shot the businessman, killing him. At trial, the defense argued that the man could not form the specific intent to premeditate for first degree murder. Which of the following crimes is the defendant most likely guilty of under these facts?","score":1,"choices":["Involuntary Manslaughter","Second Degree Murder","Voluntary Manslaughter","Aggravated Assault","Justifiable Homicide","First Degree Murder","Negligent Homicide","Self-Defense","Attempted Murder","Felony Murder"],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1019,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Photographs can be admitted as evidence if they are a fair and accurate representation of what they purport to depict and if the conditions shown in the photograph are substantially similar to those at the time of the event in question. The fact that the photograph was taken two years after the accident does not automatically make it inadmissible, as long as it accurately represents the scene and conditions at the time of the accident.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A plaintiff was driving her car when she stopped at a red light at an intersection. A defendant, who was behind her, did not see the red light and failed to stop. He crashed into the rear of the woman's car and pushed her onto the curb and into a tree. When the plaintiff got out of her car, she felt fine physically, but was emotionally upset when she saw that the hood and trunk of her car were severely damaged. The next day she received an estimate from the mechanic for $1,950 to repair her car. She consulted an attorney the following afternoon and, that evening, suddenly developed shooting back pains. The plaintiff filed a lawsuit against the defendant based on a theory of negligence. One day prior to trial, two years after the accident, the plaintiff went to take a photograph of the accident scene. At trial, the photograph is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, if the photograph correctly and accurately portrayed the accident scene.","admissible, if the photograph was taken by a professional photographer.","inadmissible, if the defendant objects, because the photograph was taken two years after the accident.","inadmissible, if the defendant objects, because the photograph does not show the damage to the plaintiff's car.","inadmissible, if the defendant objects, because the photograph might influence the jury's opinion unfairly.","admissible, if the plaintiff can demonstrate that the conditions at the scene of the accident were the same as when the photograph was taken.","admissible, if the plaintiff identifies the photograph at trial.","inadmissible, if the defendant objects, because the photograph was not taken immediately after the accident.","inadmissible, if the defendant objects, because the photograph is non-verbal hearsay.","admissible, if the plaintiff can prove the photograph has not been altered in any way."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1020,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether an implied contract was formed between the attorney and the client. An implied contract can be formed based on the conduct of the parties and the circumstances surrounding their interactions. The client's note can be interpreted as a request for legal advice, and the attorney's response with a bill indicates that he provided a professional service expecting compensation. Given that legal services are typically billable and the fee was reasonable, it is likely that a court would find an implied contract existed.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An attorney received a document at his office with an attached note from a client for whom he had just finished drafting a will. The note read as follows: \"Do you think this contract of sale for my boat complies with state law? I would have talked to you in person about this, but I'm on my way out of town. I will be back next week.\" The attorney reviewed the document and wrote a one-page letter to the client stating that the document complied with state law. The lawyer included a bill for $500, which was a lawyer included a bill for $500, which was a reasonable fee. The client refused to pay the attorney anything, arguing that she had never agreed to retain the attorney and that she had received nothing of value from the attorney because the sales transaction was never concluded. Assume that there is no applicable statute or rule governing the formation of attorney-client relationships in the jurisdiction. If the attorney sues the client for the $500, will the attorney be likely to prevail?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the client did not sign a formal agreement with the attorney.","No, because the attorney and the client never agreed on the essential terms of a contract.","No, because the attorney did not confirm the fee before providing the service.","No, because the client's note did not explicitly ask for a billable service.","Yes, because the attorney provided a service that is usually billable.","Yes, because the client was aware that the attorney's services are typically charged.","Yes, because the attorney took action on the client's note to his detriment.","No, because even if the parties had an agreement, that agreement was discharged under the doctrine of frustration of purpose.","Yes, because the client benefited from the attorney's professional advice."],"correct":"G","answer":"E"}
{"number":1021,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Expert testimony in court must meet certain standards of reliability and acceptance within the relevant scientific community. The toxicologist admitted that his methods were experimental, his findings contradicted universally accepted medical knowledge, and his results were not complete enough to be published. These factors undermine the reliability and acceptance of his testimony.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A toxicologist employed at the state crime laboratory testifies at a murder trial about the autopsy he performed on the victim. His testimony is that he detected traces of succinic acid and choline, the components of succinylcholine, in the victim's brain tissues. Over defense objections, he testified further that, in his opinion, the victim's cause of death was succinylcholine poisoning. On cross-examination, the toxicologist admitted that up until his findings, it had been universally accepted in the medical community that succinylcholine would be undetectable in the brain within a few minutes of its injection. He also admitted that his methods of detecting succinylcholine were experimental and that his results were not presently publishable because they were not complete enough. The defense attorney then makes a motion to strike the toxicologist's testimony regarding the cause of death. The court will most likely","score":1,"choices":["deny the motion, because he was qualified to give an opinion on the ultimate issue of the case.","deny the motion, because the toxicologist's findings were based on his professional expertise.","deny the motion, because the toxicologist was qualified as an expert in medical matters.","deny the motion, because the court values the opinion of the state-employed expert.","grant the motion, because the toxicologist's opinion could not be substantiated.","deny the motion, because the toxicologist's opinion is the only evidence of the cause of death.","grant the motion, because the toxicologist was not properly qualified as an expert.","grant the motion, because the toxicologist admitted his findings contradicted accepted medical knowledge.","grant the motion, because the toxicologist's results were not complete enough to be published."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1022,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless it falls within a recognized exception. The statement \"I'm dying. Don't let the defendant get away with this\" was made immediately after the attack, which suggests it was made under the stress of excitement caused by the event. This fits within the excited utterance exception to the hearsay rule, which allows statements relating to a startling event made while the declarant was under the stress of excitement caused by the event.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A defendant is on trial for attempted murder. The alleged victim is called by the prosecution to testify. During her testimony, the victim recounted the incident and described how the defendant savagely beat her with a baseball bat. She was not asked by the prosecution whether she made any statements during the attack. After the victim was excused and left the witness stand, the prosecution called another witness to testify. The witness proposes to testify that when the beating stopped, the victim screamed, \"I'm dying. Don't let the defendant get away with this. \"Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the witness's proffered testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a statement of then existing condition.","inadmissible, because it is a statement of opinion rather than fact.","inadmissible, because the victim did not make the statement under oath.","inadmissible, because the victim was not questioned about the statement before being excused.","admissible as a present sense impression.","inadmissible because the witness was not present during the attack.","admissible as an excited utterance.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible as a statement against interest."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1023,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has established that the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment protects religious practices unless the government can demonstrate a compelling interest and that the regulation is the least restrictive means of achieving that interest. In this case, the state's interest in maintaining a dress code for morale, efficiency, and professional standards does not seem to outweigh the employee's right to freely exercise his religion. Therefore, the regulation is likely unconstitutional.\nAnswer: B","question":"An employee is an orthodox member of his faith. He has recently been hired as a forest ranger by the state. In accordance with the orthodox tradition of his religion, the employee wears a covering on his head throughout the day. The director of the state forestry department has notified the employee that he will not be permitted to wear his head covering while on duty. A state forestry regulation provides that all forest rangers are required to wear only standard headgear in the interests of maintaining a uniform dress code conducive to the furtherance of the department's morale, efficiency, and professional standard of conduct. Although the employee wants to pursue a career as a forest ranger, he feels that his religious beliefs should not be compromised by a governmental agency. In trying to resolve his dilemma, the employee seeks your legal advice. You should advise him that in light of relevant U. S. Supreme Court decisions, the state regulation is probably","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because the state has a legitimate interest in ensuring the safety of its employees, and the headgear could potentially pose a safety risk.","unconstitutional, because the state's interest in maintaining a dress code does not outweigh the employee's right to freely exercise his religion.","unconstitutional, because in accordance with the free exercise clause of the First Amendment, a state has no power to regulate religious beliefs.","constitutional, because the interest of the state in vindicating a carefully considered professional judgment by the forestry director that wearing such religious apparel would interfere with the department's morale and efficiency is sufficient to contravene the wishes of its members to wear headgear required by their religious beliefs.","constitutional, because the regulation is neutral and generally applicable, and it does not target specific religions or religious practices.","constitutional, because the state has a compelling interest in maintaining uniformity and professionalism among its employees.","unconstitutional, because the state has failed to provide a less restrictive means of achieving its stated interest.","constitutional, because although the employee has a constitutional right to the free exercise of his religion, a state may impose reasonable regulations that are rationally related to the furtherance of a state interest.","unconstitutional, because an individual has a fundamental right to seek gainful employment, and a state cannot arbitrarily and unreasonably regulate against such economic activity."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1025,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The key issue here is the element of \"willfully\" possessing a controlled substance, as required by the state statute. The defendant's best defense would be to argue that he did not know what was in the package and thus did not \"willfully\" possess the cocaine. This defense addresses the mens rea (mental state) required for the crime.\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant and his college roommate went home together for the holiday vacation. The defendant was to go back to college by himself. The day that the defendant was to drive back to college, his roommate asked him if he would deliver a package to one of their classmates. The defendant agreed, and the roommate gave him a small package, which the defendant placed in his glove compartment. While driving back to school, the defendant was stopped for speeding. When the state trooper asked the defendant for his license and registration, he reached into the glove compartment. As he did, the package that his roommate had given him fell onto the floor. When it hit the floor, the box broke open and a plastic envelope containing a white substance slid out. Seeing that the substance appeared to be cocaine, the state trooper arrested the defendant for possession of illegal narcotics under a state statute making it a felony to willfully possess a controlled substance. The package did, in fact, contain cocaine. If the defendant is later brought to trial for this charge, his best defense is that","score":1,"choices":["the package didn't belong to him.","the cocaine was illegally seized.","the trooper didn't have a search warrant.","the defendant didn't know what was in the package.","the roommate didn't tell him he was carrying illegal narcotics.","the roommate should be the one charged, not him.","the substance was not tested to confirm it was cocaine.","the defendant didn't willingly possess the substance.","the cocaine was not in a recognizable form.","the defendant was not speeding."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1026,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Negligent hiring is a legal claim made against an employer based on the theory that the employer knew or should have known about an employee's background which indicates a potential risk of harm to others. In this case, the company failed to verify the worker's driver's license status, which is a critical aspect given that driving was part of his job responsibilities. The fact that the worker caused a collision while driving to work, even though it was outside of work hours, does not absolve the company from its duty to ensure that its employees are properly licensed and competent drivers.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A plumbing company hired a worker to work at various construction sites. The worker used his own truck to travel between the company's warehouse and the construction sites, but the company fitted the truck with a rack for carrying plumbing pipes. The company paid the worker for traveling between the warehouse and the construction sites, but not for his drive to and from work. Because the worker was required to haul pipes on his truck while driving between the warehouse and the construction sites, the company asked the worker, before hiring him, whether he had a valid driver's license. The worker represented that he did, although in fact his license had been suspended because he had been convicted of recklessly causing motor vehicle collisions. The company made no effort to verify the worker's representation. While driving to work one morning in his truck, the worker carelessly caused a collision in which a woman was injured. In her subsequent action against the plumbing company, based on a theory of negligent hiring, is the woman likely to prevail?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the company was not responsible for the worker's actions during his commute to work.","No, because the worker was an independent contractor.","No, because the worker was responsible for his own actions outside of work hours.","No, because the company was not aware of the worker's suspended license.","Yes, because the company should have taken more care in verifying the worker's credentials.","Yes, because the company fitted the worker's truck with a pipe rack.","Yes, because the company had a duty to ensure that its workers had valid driver's licenses.","No, because the company's duty to use reasonable care in hiring a competent driver extended only to actions taken by the worker in the scope of his employment.","Yes, because the worker was using a truck fitted by the company at the time of the accident."],"correct":"H","answer":"E"}
{"number":1027,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 608(b) allows for specific instances of a witness's conduct to be inquired into on cross-examination if they are probative of the character for truthfulness or untruthfulness of the witness. Therefore, the prosecutor's question about Jones lying in his divorce trial is relevant to his credibility as a witness.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Jones is arrested for driving under the influence of a controlled substance, marijuana. The prosecution wishes to introduce a videotape from a pot party Jones left just before his arrest. The recording shows Jones exhaling a giant cloud of smoke and stating, \"that's really great weed, man.\" Jones testifies on his own behalf, \"I'm an honest person. I absolutely did not drive erratically.\" On cross-examination, the prosecutor asks, \"Isn't it true you lied in your divorce trial last year?\" If Jones' attorney objects, the court will likely hold the prosecutor's question is","score":1,"choices":["Admissible because the question goes to Jones' credibility as a witness.","Admissible, as it relates to the case at hand.","Admissible, so long as the prosecutor produces a certified copy of the conviction.","Admissible, because it showcases Jones' character.","Not admissible, because specific instances of conduct cannot be proved with extrinsic evidence.","Not admissible, as it is considered hearsay.","Admissible, because it demonstrates Jones' dishonesty.","Not admissible because it is irrelevant.","Not admissible, because it is prejudicial to the defendant."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1028,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation law for help. In defamation cases involving public figures, such as a U.S. senator, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant acted with \"actual malice.\" This means the plaintiff must show that the statement was made with knowledge of its falsity or with reckless disregard for whether it was true or false. This standard was established by the Supreme Court in New York Times Co. v. Sullivan (1964).\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A newspaper published a story about a U. S. senator having close ties to people suspected of being involved in organized crime. The senator claimed that the allegations in the newspaper story were false, and he brought a defamation action against the newspaper. Which of the following is the most accurate statement with regard to the newspaper's liability?","score":1,"choices":["The newspaper would be liable regardless of the truth of the allegations due to the damaging nature of the report.","Because the senator is a public figure, he has the burden of proof to show malice on the part of the newspaper.","The newspaper would not be liable if it can prove the story was based on credible sources.","The newspaper would not be liable because, under the First Amendment's freedom of the press, the newspaper was privileged to publish the story.","The senator must prove that the newspaper had a personal vendetta against him to hold the newspaper liable.","A qualified privilege of fair comment existed because the newspaper was reporting on a matter of public interest.","The newspaper would be relieved of any liability for defamation because the senator is a public figure.","The newspaper would be relieved of any liability for defamation because an absolute privilege existed.","The senator must not only prove malice, but also that the newspaper's report directly resulted in personal or professional harm."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1029,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on comparative negligence and contributory negligence for help. The statute in the jurisdiction follows a comparative negligence rule, which means that each party's damages are reduced by their own percentage of fault.\n\n1. Businessman's damages: $5,000\n   - Businessman's fault: 70%\n   - Woman's fault: 30%\n   - Businessmanâ€™s recoverable damages: $5,000 * 30% = $1,500\n\n2. Woman's damages: $1,000\n   - Woman's fault: 30%\n   - Businessman's fault: 70%\n   - Womanâ€™s recoverable damages: $1,000 * 70% = $700\n\nSince the statute specifies that there shall be no set-off of damages between the respective parties, each party recovers their respective amounts from the other.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Wilshire Street is a public thoroughfare, designated as a one-way street for northbound traffic. Wilshire and Figueroa Streets intersect at right angles. The intersection is controlled by traffic lights. A businessman was driving his car east on Figueroa Street and did not see the traffic light. He entered the intersection at a time when the light was red for eastbound traffic and green for northbound traffic. A woman, in violation of statute, was proceeding south on Wilshire Street, and she entered the intersection without looking for any cross traffic and struck the businessman's car. The businessman suffered damages in the amount of $5,000. The woman, on the other hand, suffered damages in the amount of $1,000. The businessman brought suit against the woman to recover his damages. The woman denied liability and filed a counterclaim against the businessman for her damages. Both drivers were negligent with 30 percent of the negligence attributable to the woman and 70 percent of the negligence attributable to the businessman. A statute in the jurisdiction provides: \"A failure to exercise ordinary care, which contributes to personal injury or property damage, shall not bar recovery of damages by the injured party, but damages shall be diminished in proportion to the amount of negligence attributable to the person injured. There shall be no set-off of damages between the respective parties. \" Which of the following is the appropriate judgment in the case?","score":1,"choices":["The businessman recovers $1,000 from the woman, and the woman recovers $900 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $5,000 from the woman, and the woman recovers $1,000 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $3,500 from the woman, and the woman recovers $300 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $800 from the woman, and the woman recovers nothing from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $5,000 from the woman, and the woman recovers nothing from the businessman.","The businessman recovers nothing from the woman, and the woman recovers $1,000 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $1,500 from the woman, and the woman recovers $700 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $2,000 from the woman, and the woman recovers $500 from the businessman.","The businessman recovers $3,000 from the woman, and the woman recovers $600 from the businessman."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1030,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of it. Robbery is larceny accomplished by force or threat of force. In this case, the defendant used sudden force to grab the pocketbook, causing the passenger to become frightened and injured. Even though he dropped the pocketbook and exited empty-handed, his actions meet the criteria for robbery because he used force to take the property.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A passenger on a subway car placed her pocketbook on the seat next to her and began to zip up her jacket. Defendant was standing in front of the passenger and holding on to the hand rail. Seeing the pocketbook unattended, he suddenly grabbed it and tried to run away. As he did so, the passenger became very frightened and fell backward. She struck her head against the window and was knocked unconscious. In the commotion, Defendant dropped the pocketbook and hurriedly exited the subway car empty-handed. Defendant should be found guilty of","score":0,"choices":["assault.","burglary.","vandalism.","larceny.","robbery.","aggravated assault.","attempted larceny.","trespassing.","possession of stolen property."],"correct":"D","answer":"E"}
{"number":1031,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Expert testimony is generally admissible if it provides specialized knowledge that will help the trier of fact understand the evidence or determine a fact in issue. Opinions on legal conclusions, such as whether someone was negligent or required by law to do something, are typically inadmissible. The expert's opinion should be based on their specialized knowledge and not make legal determinations.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A plaintiff sued a utility company that owns a reservoir that is open to the public for recreation pursuant to a license from a federal agency. The plaintiff was severely injured in the reservoir when he dove from a boat into what he thought was deep water and hit an unmarked submerged island. The plaintiff alleges that the company was negligent in failing to mark the submerged island. At trial, the plaintiff has called an engineer and qualified him as plaintiff has called an engineer and qualified him as an expert in managing reservoirs. Which of the following opinions by the plaintiff's expert is the court most likely to admit?","score":1,"choices":["\"The plaintiff could have avoided the accident if he was more cautious.\"","\"The plaintiff was not contributorily negligent.\"","\"The accident probably occurred in the manner shown by this computer-animated film I made.\"","\"The company's negligence is a result of poor management.\"","\"The company could have marked the island in a day and at a cost of $300.\"","\"The company was required by federal law to mark the island.\"","\"The federal agency is responsible for this accident.\"","\"The company is responsible for all accidents in the reservoir.\"","\"The company was not required by federal law to mark the island.\""],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1032,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Standing is the ability of a party to demonstrate to the court sufficient connection to and harm from the law or action challenged to support that party's participation in the case. In this scenario, the physician is directly affected by the statute as it prevents him from providing professional advice, which is part of his practice. Additionally, the Supreme Court has recognized that physicians can have standing to challenge laws that affect their ability to provide medical care to their patients (e.g., Doe v. Bolton). Therefore, the physician is likely to have standing.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state legislature enacts a statute prohibiting the sale of contraceptive devices to married persons. This state statute prohibits the use of contraceptive devices by married persons. A physician who practices in the state brings suit in federal court challenging the constitutionality of the state contraceptive statute. The physician attacks the validity of the statute on the grounds that it prevents him from giving professional advice concerning the use of contraceptives to three patients, all of whom are married, whose condition of health might be endangered by child bearing. The plaintiff is likely","score":0,"choices":["not to have standing.","to have standing.","to have standing, but only if the patients also sue","not to have standing jus tertii.","not to have standing, unless the patients join the lawsuit","not to have standing, unless he can prove the health risk","not to have standing, because the law does not directly affect him","to have standing jus tertii.","to have standing, but only if he can prove the health risk","to have standing, but not on behalf of his patients"],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1033,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A profit-a-prendre is a right to take something off another person's land, such as minerals, timber, or game. In this case, the coal company has the right to extract coal from the woman's land and pay her royalties for it. This fits the definition of a profit-a-prendre.\nAnswer: H","question":"A woman inherited her father's farm when he died testate. Prior to her father's death, the woman had already taken over the operations on the father's farm due to his declining health. Recently, the woman had granted a coal company rights to strip-mine coal from underneath the farm. Their agreement stipulated that the coal company would pay the woman a per-ton royalty for the coal extracted. In addition, the coal company agreed to fill in the excavated area and replace top soil on the surface of the land. After the coal company commenced its strip-mining operations, the woman noticed that the company was not filling in the excavated area as previously agreed. However, because the company paid the woman all the coal royalties from the strip mining, she did not voice any objection regarding its failure to replace the top soil. Two years later, the coal company had now completed its strip-mining operation under its arrangement with the woman. The coal company's right to strip-mine coal from the woman's property would be an example of a (an)","score":1,"choices":["constructive trust.","easement appurtenant.","servient estate.","voluntary waste.","license.","easement in gross.","tenancy in common.","profit-a-prendre.","adverse possession.","easement by necessity."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1034,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The federal government has clear authority over the District of Columbia, as it is not a state but a federal district. This makes the application of federal statutes in D.C. more straightforward and less likely to face constitutional challenges compared to other scenarios involving states or private entities.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Congress enacted a statute designed to make the stabilization of rents more effective throughout the United States. The statute will be applicable to all leasehold contracts hereafter entered into between landlords and tenants involving residential and commercial properties. The new federal statute is intended to protect tenants from spiraling rents and \"profiteering\" by landlords without curtailing the supply of rental units or depriving landlords of substantial constitutional rights. The new federal statute would be most clearly constitutional as applied to","score":1,"choices":["the rental of a vacation home by an individual landlord to a family on a short-term lease.","the rental of a state-owned office building by a state to a privately owned business.","the rental of a college dormitory by a private university to its students.","the rental of residential property located in the District of Columbia by an individual landlord to a family of six.","the rental of an office building to a city by an individual landlord."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1035,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A bilateral contract is formed when both parties exchange mutual promises, which is what happened here when the homeowner offered to pay $10,000 for the backyard landscaping and the landscaper agreed to complete the work by May 1. There is no indication of duress, illusory promise, or lack of consideration, as the landscaper's promise to perform the work and the homeowner's promise to pay are sufficient consideration.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"On March 1, a homeowner hired a landscaper to landscape his front yard. On March 25, as the landscaper was almost finished with the work on the front yard, the homeowner said to the landscaper, \"I'm very pleased with your work to date. If you are willing, I would like you to landscape my backyard, on the same terms and conditions as our existing contract, the work to be completed by May 1. If you can meet that deadline, I'll pay you $10,000 at that time. \" The landscaper replied, \"Agreed. Let's shake hands on it. \" They shook hands. What is the probable legal effect of the landscaper's promise on March 25 to landscape the backyard?","score":1,"choices":["The landscaper's promise created an enforceable bilateral contract.","The landscaper's promise constituted a breach of the original contract.","The landscaper's promise created an enforceable unilateral contract.","The landscaper's promise was enforceable only if the homeowner made a down payment.","The landscaper's promise was enforceable only if the work was completed by the agreed deadline.","The landscaper's promise was void, as it was made under duress.","The landscaper's promise was illusory, thereby creating an unenforceable contract.","The landscaper's promise resulted in a quasi-contract.","The landscaper's promise was voidable, since it was not in writing.","The landscaper's promise was unenforceable due to lack of consideration."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1036,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment applies to state actions, not private entities unless the private entity is performing a function traditionally exclusively reserved to the state or there is significant state involvement in the discriminatory action. In this case, although the company operates on public land and has a lease agreement with the county, it remains a private entity setting its own prices for services. The high fees do not constitute a violation of equal protection as they do not involve a suspect classification or fundamental right.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A county owns a large expanse of land next to the ocean. Four years ago, in order to enhance the recreational aspects of this land, the county leased most of it to a company. The lease required the company to construct and operate a first-rate luxury hotel Â€Â”complete with bar, restaurant, and private marina Â€Â”and to pay the county 15% of its net profits as rent. The company set up management and operations bylaws for its new hotel, which were reviewed and approved by the county at the time the lease was negotiated. Upon completion of the facilities, the state granted the company a license to sell alcoholic beverages in its restaurant and bar. The hotel announced that the least expensive room was $1,000 per night. Much of the population in the county cannot afford to stay at the new hotel. One resident who cannot afford to pay the hotel fees brings an action against the company, claiming that the high fees operate to discriminate against the poor, in violation of the constitutional right to equal protection. What is the most likely result of this action?","score":0,"choices":["The company will win, as private entities have the right to set their own prices for services.","The company will win, because hotel privileges are not an important or basic enough deprivation, for those unable to pay for them, to be held to violate equal protection.","The resident will win because the hotel's high fees are in violation of the county's leasing agreement.","The resident will win, as the high fees constitute a form of economic discrimination.","The company will lose because it is operating on public land and therefore cannot charge fees that the public cannot afford.","The company will lose because social class constitutes a suspect classification under the equal protection clause.","The company will lose, as it has failed to provide an affordable option for all county residents.","The resident will win because discrimination against poor people violates the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The resident will win because all public rights cannot be limited to those who can afford them.","The company will win, as the equal protection clause does not apply to commercial transactions."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1037,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on comparative negligence for help. The jurisdiction follows a modified comparative negligence rule where a party can recover damages if their negligence is not as great as the other party's. Since both drivers are found equally at fault (50% each), neither party's negligence is less than the other's. Therefore, neither party can recover damages from the other.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A truck and a car collided at an intersection. Both drivers were injured, and each one filed a lawsuit against the other for negligence. At trial, the jury found each of the drivers liable for negligence. The jury found that the amount of the truck driver's injuries was $10,000, and the amount of the car driver's injuries was $8,000. The jury assigned 50 percent of the fault for the accident to the truck driver and 50 percent of the fault to the car driver. Assume that the jurisdiction has a statute in effect that provides: \"Contributory negligence shall not bar recovery in an action to recover damages for negligence resulting in injury to person or property if such negligence was not as great as the negligence of the person from whom recovery is sought. Any damages allowed shall be diminished in proportion to the amount of negligence attributable to the person who is seeking recovery. \"Which of the following is the appropriate judgment in the case?","score":1,"choices":["The truck driver recovers $4,000, and the car driver recovers $2,000.","The truck driver recovers $2,000, and the car driver recovers $6,000.","The truck driver recovers $1,000, and the car driver recovers nothing.","The truck driver recovers nothing, and the car driver recovers $4,000.","The car driver recovers $5,000, and the truck driver recovers $5,000.","The truck driver recovers $5,000, and the car driver recovers $4,000.","The truck driver recovers $6,000, and the car driver recovers $2,000.","Neither party recovers anything from the other.","The truck driver recovers $10,000, and the car driver recovers $8,000.","The truck driver recovers $8,000, and the car driver recovers $10,000."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1038,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of that agreement. In this scenario, the man and the woman agreed to take back tools they believed were theirs, which does not constitute a felony as they believed they had a rightful claim. However, the son intended to commit theft (a felony) by taking items of value from the neighbor's home. The son's intent to commit theft was separate from the man and woman's intent to retrieve what they believed were their own tools.\n\nTherefore, the son did not conspire with the man and woman regarding their actions, but he did act on his own criminal intent. Since conspiracy requires an agreement to commit a crime, and there was no such agreement between all three parties to commit a felony, none of them should be found guilty of conspiracy.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man, a woman, and their son went to their neighbor's house. The man intended to take back some tools that he believed were his and that the neighbor was keeping unlawfully. The woman believed that the tools were the man's, and she intended to help the man take them. When the son learned that the man and the woman were going to break into the neighbor's home, he decided to accompany them. The son planned to find some items inside that might be worth taking. Arriving at the neighbor's home, the man opened the front door, which was closed but unlocked. Upon entering, the son went to the neighbor's upstairs bedroom and found a watch, which he took. In the meantime, the man and the woman went to the garage and began rummaging through the neighbor's tools. The man found the tools, which he seized. The three of them then left the neighbor's home. In this jurisdiction, burglary is defined as the breaking and entering of any structure with the intent to commit a felony therein. Which, if any, individuals should be found guilty of conspiracy?","score":1,"choices":["The man and the woman.","None.","Only the woman.","The woman and the son.","The man, the woman, and the son.","Only the man.","The woman, the son, and the neighbor.","Only the son.","The man and the son.","The man, the son, and the neighbor."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1039,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In this scenario, the neighbor entered the property without explicit permission, despite knowing about the dangerous dogs and ignoring the \"Beware of Dogs\" signs. This makes the neighbor a trespasser rather than an invitee. Generally, property owners owe limited duty to trespassers, mainly to avoid willful or wanton harm. Since the man had clear warnings and the neighbor was aware of the dogs' ferocity, it is unlikely that the neighbor would prevail in a suit against the man.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man has four German shepherd dogs that he has trained for guard duty and that he holds for breeding purposes. The man has Ã’Beware of DogsÃ“ signs clearly posted around a fenced-in yard where he keeps the dogs. The manÃ•s next-door neighbor frequently walks past the manÃ•s house and knows about the dogsÃ• ferocity. One summer day, the neighbor entered the manÃ•s fenced-in yard to retrieve a snow shovel that the man had borrowed during the past winter. The neighbor was attacked by one of the dogs and was severely injured. In a suit against the man, is the neighbor likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the man failed to secure the dogs when he knew the neighbor would be entering the property.","No, because the neighbor knew that the man had dan-gerous dogs in the yard.","No, because the neighbor ignored the \"Beware of Dogs\" signs.","Yes, because the neighbor was an invitee for the pur-pose of retrieving the shovel.","No, because the neighbor should have asked for the man's assistance to retrieve the shovel.","No, because the neighbor was trespassing when he entered the manÃ•s property.","Yes, because the man was engaged in an abnormally dangerous activity.","Yes, because the man is responsible for all actions of his dogs.","Yes, because the man should have returned the shovel to avoid such a situation."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1040,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The man entered the restroom and told the woman not to make a sound, which caused her to fear for her safety and led her to take drastic action that resulted in injury. This situation fits the definition of assault, which involves intentionally causing another person to fear imminent bodily harm.\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman was in a public restroom at a mall. While the woman was at the sink, a man entered the restroom and told her not to make a sound. Frightened, the woman ran to an open window in the bathroom and jumped onto the fire escape. As she exited down the fire escape, the woman accidentally fell, bruising her legs. Which of the following crimes, if any, would the man most likely be convicted of?","score":0,"choices":["Intimidation.","Assault.","Stalking.","Assault with intent to commit rape.","Harassment.","False imprisonment.","Battery.","Kidnapping.","No crime.","Trespassing."],"correct":"I","answer":"B"}
{"number":1041,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Malicious destruction of property typically requires a specific intent to cause damage or harm to the property, not just the act of stealing. The judge's instruction that the theft of the car alone satisfies the malice requirement for malicious destruction of property is incorrect because it conflates the intent to steal with the intent to destroy property.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Having just stolen a car, a defendant was operating the car within the posted speed limit when the steering suddenly malfunctioned. The car swerved out of control, jumped the curb, and crashed into a home. The defendant was arrested and charged with the separate crimes of larceny and malicious destruction of property. During the trial the judge instructed the jury that the theft of the car was sufficient evidence to satisfS' the malice requirement for the malicious destruction of property charge. The defendant's attorney has filed a motion objecting to the judge's jury instruction. The judge's instruction was","score":0,"choices":["incorrect, because larceny is not a lesser included offense of malicious destruction of property.","correct, because the defendant's act of stealing the car shows disregard for the property of others.","correct, because malicious destruction of property is a general intent crime.","incorrect, because the malicious destruction of property requires the intent to cause harm, not just steal.","correct, because the act of stealing the car can be seen as a malicious act in itself.","correct, because malice can be inferred from the intent to steal.","incorrect, because the malice in larceny and the malice in malicious destruction of property are different.","incorrect, because the act of stealing a car does not necessarily mean the defendant intended to destroy property.","incorrect, because malice requires a showing of recklessness.","correct, because the act of stealing demonstrates a willingness to violate the law, which constitutes malice."],"correct":"I","answer":"D"}
{"number":1042,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The best evidence rule requires the original document or recording when the contents are at issue, but there are exceptions. Here, the employee's testimony about what she heard directly is not hearsay because it is an admission by a party opponent (the company's president). Therefore, it is admissible as direct evidence of age discrimination.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A salesman, who had worked 20 years for the same company, was suddenly terminated for no apparent reason. Thereafter, the salesman sued the company, alleging age discrimination. At trial, he wants to call an employee of the company as an adverse witness. The salesman seeks to have the employee testify that she was present at a company board meeting when the company's president allegedly said, \"Now, I'm sure that everyone agrees that the salesman is too old, and he really doesn't typify the image we want our employees to project. \" It is the common practice of the company to tape record all such board meetings. Moreover, it is customary for the company's secretary to transcribe the tapes following the board meetings. Upon objection by the company's attomey, the employee's proposed testimony will be held","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the secretary's transcribed notes are the best evidence.","inadmissible, because the president's statement is not relevant to the case.","admissible, because the employee was present during the board meeting.","admissible, because the president's statement is direct evidence of age discrimination.","admissible, because the president's statement was an admission by a company representative.","inadmissible, because the employee is biased against the company.","inadmissible, because the tape of the meeting is the best evidence.","admissible, because the employee's testimony corroborates the salesman's claim.","inadmissible, because the employee's testimony is hearsay.","admissible, because the employee's testimony is crucial to proving age discrimination."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1043,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Self-defense is a legal defense to charges of violent crime, including murder, if the defendant can show that they had a reasonable fear of imminent harm or death. In this scenario, the employee was brandishing a loaded shotgun and began to press the trigger, which would reasonably cause the owner to fear for her life. The owner's feelings of malice or prior feud do not negate her right to defend herself in a situation where she faces an immediate threat of deadly force.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A business owner had a feud and \"bitter blood\" with a former employee. One day that employee came uninvited into the owner's office brandishing a loaded shotgun, approached the owner's desk and raised the weapon. The owner, however, was secretly waiting for the opportunity. As the employee began to press on the trigger, the owner pulled a gun from her drawer and killed him. The owner admitted she felt malice toward her enemy. The authorities charged her with murder. Can she be convicted?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because she had a motive to kill the employee.","Yes, because she admitted to feeling malice towards the employee.","No, because the employee was trespassing.","No, because the owner had a reasonable fear for her life.","Yes, because she had been lying in wait for the victim.","Yes, because she used excessive force in her response.","No, because she acted in self-defense.","Yes, because she had a previous feud with the employee."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1044,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution establishes that federal law takes precedence over state laws, and states cannot enact laws that conflict with federal policies. The federal government has exclusive power over foreign affairs, and any state law that interferes with this power is likely to be deemed unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state government enacted a law that prohibited the state's agencies from purchasing services or goods from and companies doing business with Cuba. The federal government at the time was implementing a thaw in relations with the Cuban government. The U.S. Congress passed a statute regarding various policies and dealings toward Cuba. A National Trade Council sued the state in federal court seeking an injunction and declaratory judgment that the state law toward Cuba was unconstitutional. 30 of the business entities that were discriminated against by the state were members of the council. Is the federal court likely to grant the declaratory judgment and declare the state law unconstitutional?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the state law is unconstitutional because it violates the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution.","Yes, the state law is unconstitutional because it illegally interfered with the foreign affairs power of the federal government.","Yes, the state law is unconstitutional because it denies equal protection to citizens of other states.","No, the state law is constitutional because it aligns with the federal government's previous policy on Cuba.","No, the state law is constitutional as it is within the state's power to regulate commerce within its borders.","Yes, the state law is unconstitutional because it interferes with the President's exclusive power to recognize foreign governments.","No, a state has the sovereign right to pass its own laws concerning its policies toward foreign countries.","No, the state law is constitutional because it does not interfere with any federally protected rights.","Yes, the state law is unconstitutional because it constitutes a form of economic discrimination.","No, the state law was consistent with the federal law and with federal policy on Cuba."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1045,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Arson is defined as the malicious burning of any structure. The key elements here are \"malicious\" and \"burning.\" The man intentionally set fire to the waste paper, which resulted in damage to the restaurant's ceiling. His intent to create a diversion does not negate the fact that he maliciously set a fire that caused damage to the structure.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man was on a date when he realized that he didn't have enough money to pay the bill. The man excused himself and went to the men's room. The man decided to set fire to the waste paper in a trash container. He hoped that the fire would serve as a diversion so he and his date could run out of the restaurant without paying. He set fire to the waste paper and then went back to his table. As he anxiously waited, the maitre d' grabbed the man and told him that he had seen what occurred in the bathroom. The maitre d', who had been seated in a bathroom stall, saw the man, through a crack in the door, set the fire. The maitre d' extinguished the fire, which had charred a portion of the ceiling. This jurisdiction defines arson as the malicious burning of any structure. If charged with arson, the man should be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, because he did not intend to burn down the restaurant.","not guilty, because the fire only charred a portion of the ceiling.","not guilty, because he did not have the intent to cause harm to any individuals.","guilty, because the act caused damage to the restaurant's ceiling.","guilty, because he was reckless as to the restaurant's being damaged by fire.","guilty, because he set the fire for the purpose of committing an unlawful act.","guilty, because the fire was intentionally started, regardless of the purpose.","not guilty, because the fire did not result in significant damage to the structure.","not guilty, because he did not directly set fire to the structure itself.","guilty, because he set fire with an intent to create a diversion."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1046,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The legal principle of necessity can be invoked in situations where a person must break the law to prevent a greater harm, such as saving their own life. In this case, the hiker entered the cabin out of necessity to avoid freezing to death. While the hiker's actions were justified under the circumstances, he may still be responsible for compensating the cabin owner for the resources used.\n\nThe most appropriate outcome would likely involve compensating the cabin owner for the actual costs incurred (e.g., food consumed) but not necessarily for additional charges like inconvenience or penalties, given that the hiker's actions were driven by an emergency situation.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A hiker was enjoying a journey through a large forest when he was caught in an unexpected blizzard. As it grew dark and the snow continued, he realized he was completely lost. He felt sure that he would freeze to death during the night. When all hope seemed lost, he stumbled across a small cabin. He knocked on the door, but no one answered. He tried to open the door, realized it was not locked, and went inside. In the cabin, he found some food to eat and some blankets that kept him warm through the night. By the next morning, the snow had stopped, and he was able to make his way out of the forest. If the owner of the cabin sues the hiker, seeking to recover damages for the cost of the food and for the use of his cabin, what is the most likely outcome of the case?","score":1,"choices":["The hiker does not owe anything because he was not aware of the cabin's ownership.","The hiker must pay for the cost of the food and an additional charge for the inconvenience.","The hiker must pay for the cost of the food, but nothing else.","The hiker must pay for the cost of the food, the use of the cabin, and any damage caused.","The hiker does not owe anything because the importance of his survival outweighs the property interests of the cabin owner.","The hiker must pay double the cost of the food as a penalty for unauthorized access.","The hiker must pay for the cost of the food and a fine for trespassing.","The hiker must pay for the cost of the food and the rental value of the cabin for one night.","The hiker must pay for the use of the cabin, but nothing else."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1047,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. A bill of attainder is a legislative act that singles out an individual or group for punishment without a trial. The provision in the statute making it a crime for a member of the communist party to act as an official of a labor union can be seen as a form of legislative punishment without judicial process, which is prohibited by the Constitution.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An avowed corrimunist was elected vice president of a union. A senator, in his investigation of communist infiltration of national labor unions, found a provision in a statute passed by Congress, which makes it a crime for a member of the communist party to act as an official of a labor union. After a subsequent legislative hearing, the communist is dismissed from his position by the union. Which of the following most accurately summarizes the applicable rule of constitutional law regarding the aforementioned provision of the statute?","score":1,"choices":["The statutory provision is a violation of the person's Eighth Amendment right against cruel and unusual punishment.","The statutory provision is a violation of the person's Sixth Amendment right to a fair trial.","The statutory provision in the act is a form of legislative punishment violative of the Constitution as a bill of attainder.","Making it a crime for a Communist to hold a union office is a suspect classification, which violates the equal protection clause.","The statutory prohibition is a reasonable method of discrimination since the benefit to the public outweighs the injury or restrictions that would be inflicted upon the person.","The statute is valid as it is a reasonable restriction on the First Amendment rights of an individual in the interest of national security.","The statutory provision is unconstitutional as it violates the person's right to due process under the Fifth Amendment.","The statutory provision is a form of unconstitutional prior restraint on a person's First Amendment right of free association.","The statutory prohibition is a valid exercise of Congress' power to regulate interstate commerce.","The statute is unconstitutional because it infringes upon the individual's right to political affiliation, protected under the First Amendment."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1048,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a modification to a contract generally requires new consideration to be enforceable. The original contract was for $10 per book, and the publisher's unilateral mistake does not typically allow for a price increase without additional consideration from the other party. The owner's reluctant agreement to pay $11 per book is not supported by new consideration; therefore, it is unenforceable.\nAnswer: A","question":"A law bookstore entered into a written contract to purchase from the publisher 100 copies of the latest edition of a certain casebook for $10 per book. Three days after the contract was formed, but prior to delivery of the casebooks, the publisher called the owner of the law bookstore and informed him that, because of a calculation error, the price for the casebooks should have been $11 per book, and the shipment could not be delivered unless the owner promised to pay that amount. The owner reluctantly agreed. The owner's agreement to pay $11 per book is","score":0,"choices":["unenforceable, because the original contract terms should prevail.","enforceable, if the publisher could prove the existence of a calculation error.","unenforceable, because it is violative of the statute of frauds.","unenforceable, because the error resulted from the publisher's computational error.","unenforceable, because the increase in price was not agreed upon at the time the contract was formed.","enforceable, because the owner agreed to the new terms.","enforceable, because the publisher had the right to correct his mistake.","enforceable, under the principle of promissory estoppel.","enforceable, because it was not supported by any new consideration."],"correct":"C","answer":"A"}
{"number":1049,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Critical legal theorists argue that law is not neutral or objective but is influenced by social, political, and economic power structures. They believe that law is a social construct and reflects economic power and politics. They also argue that law is unstable and indeterminate, meaning it can be interpreted in various ways depending on the context and the interpreter's perspective. Therefore, the proposition that would be rejected by critical legal theorists is that \"Law is determinate.\"\nAnswer: B","question":"Which of the following propositions would be rejected by those who describe themselves as critical legal theorists?","score":1,"choices":["Law is unstable.","Law is determinate.","Law reflects economic power.","Law is politics.","Law is a social construct."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1050,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Ethical relativism posits that moral standards are culturally based and therefore subject to a person's individual choice. This can lead to the rejection of universal human rights, as it implies that no single moral framework is universally applicable. Deontological ethics, on the other hand, argues that there are universal moral principles that apply to all individuals regardless of culture or personal beliefs. This makes deontological ethics the strongest argument against ethical relativism's hostility to human rights because it supports the idea of universal moral obligations.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"Which of the following is the strongest argument against ethical relativism's hostility to human rights?","score":0,"choices":["Cognitivism.","Social Contract Theory","Utilitarianism","Empiricism","Nihilism","Positivism.","Rationalism","Communitarianism.","Existentialism","Deontological Ethics"],"correct":"A","answer":"J"}
{"number":1051,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law and human rights for help. The Al-Adsani case involved a claim against Kuwait for torture, but the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ultimately held that state immunity trumped the right to a fair trial in this instance. The court acknowledged the importance of human rights but concluded that state immunity was a legitimate restriction on the right to access a court.\nAnswer: F","question":"What was the outcome before the European Court of Human Rights in the Al-Adsani case?","score":0,"choices":["The Court held that the right to a fair trial trumped the privilege of immunity","The Court held that the privilege of immunity was not applicable in this case","The Court held that the right to a fair trial was not applicable in this case","The Court held that immunities were not in conflict with the right to a fair trial","The Court held that the case was admissible due to overriding human rights considerations","The Court held that immunity trumped the right to a fair trial","The Court held that the case was inadmissible due to lack of jurisdiction","The Court held that the case was inadmissible due to the defendant's diplomatic status","The Court held that human rights considerations prevailed over all other contrary rules of international law, including most immunities","The Court held that both immunity and the right to a fair trial were in conflict with each other"],"correct":"D","answer":"F"}
{"number":1052,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law and the Gulf War for help. UNSC Resolution 678 authorized member states to use \"all necessary means\" to uphold and implement Resolution 660, which demanded that Iraq withdraw from Kuwait, and subsequent relevant resolutions. This authorization was broader than a collective defensive action under Article 51 of the UN Charter, which is limited to self-defense against an armed attack until the Security Council takes measures to maintain international peace and security. Therefore, Resolution 678 provided a broader mandate for military action.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"What was the particular advantage of UNSC Resolution 678 over a collective defensive action under Article 51 UN Charter during the Gulf War?","score":1,"choices":["Resolution 678 is broader because it authorised the use of force with respect to any matter threatening the peace and security of the Gulf region.","Resolution 678 allowed the allies to attack Iraq with nuclear and chemical weapons","Resolution 678 provided an unlimited time frame for military action.","Resolution 678 was faster to adopt and negotiate.","Resolution 678 allowed for the use of force without any geographic restrictions.","Resolution 678 bypassed the need for UN Charter approval.","Resolution 678 is narrower than the inherent right of self-defence under Article 51 UN Charter","Resolution 678 overruled Article 51 UN Charter completely.","Resolution 678 mandated a ceasefire after a specific period.","Resolution 678 allowed unrestricted air strikes against Iraq."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1053,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. UNSC Resolution 678 authorized member states to use \"all necessary means\" to uphold and implement Resolution 660 and subsequent resolutions and to restore international peace and security in the area. This resolution provided a broader mandate for military action compared to the inherent right of self-defense under Article 51 of the UN Charter, which is typically more limited in scope and duration.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"What was the particular advantage of UNSC Resolution 678 over a collective defensive action under Article 51 UN Charter during the Gulf War?","score":1,"choices":["Resolution 678 is broader because it authorised the use of force with respect to any matter threatening the peace and security of the Gulf region.","Resolution 678 allowed the allies to attack Iraq with nuclear and chemical weapons","Resolution 678 provided an unlimited time frame for military action.","Resolution 678 was faster to adopt and negotiate.","Resolution 678 allowed for the use of force without any geographic restrictions.","Resolution 678 bypassed the need for UN Charter approval.","Resolution 678 is narrower than the inherent right of self-defence under Article 51 UN Charter","Resolution 678 overruled Article 51 UN Charter completely.","Resolution 678 mandated a ceasefire after a specific period.","Resolution 678 allowed unrestricted air strikes against Iraq."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1054,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on arbitration for help. In most arbitration processes, the parties involved typically have a significant role in appointing the members of the arbitral tribunal. This can involve each party selecting one arbitrator, and then those arbitrators selecting a third, neutral arbitrator to act as the chairperson. This method ensures that both parties have confidence in the impartiality and competence of the tribunal.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"How are the members of the arbitral tribunal appointed?","score":1,"choices":["All the members of the arbitral tribunal are appointed by the parties","All the members of the arbitral tribunal are appointed by an impartial third party, such as the president of the ICJ","All the members of the arbitral tribunal are appointed by the parties from a restricted list of arbitrators"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1055,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international maritime law for help. According to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) extends up to 200 nautical miles from the coast of a State, within which the coastal State has sovereign rights for exploring, exploiting, conserving, and managing natural resources. However, if the coastal State cannot harvest the entire allowable catch, it is required to give other States access to the surplus, with priority given to developing and land-locked States.\nAnswer: C","question":"Do third States enjoy any fishing rights within the Exclusive Economic Zone of another State?","score":1,"choices":["Third States may never have access to fisheries within another State's EEZ","Third States are free to fish within another EEZ, except from certain designated areas","When the coastal State cannot harvest the 'total allowable catch', the coastal State is to give other State access to that surplus with priority to be given to developing and land-locked States","The coastal State must share all of its fish resources with all other States","Third States have access to fisheries within its EEZ only during a specific season","The coastal State is to give access to fisheries within its EEZ only to States with which it has diplomatic relations","Third States have unlimited fishing rights within the EEZ of any State","Third States can only fish within another State's EEZ with a special permit","The coastal State is to give access to fisheries within its EEZ only to neighbouring States","Third States can only fish within another State's EEZ if they have a mutual agreement"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1056,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Warrantless search exceptions include \"stop and frisk,\" searches \"incident to a lawful arrest,\" \"emergency situations,\" the \"vehicle exception,\" searches in a \"public place,\" searches with \"consent,\" and items in \"plain view.\" However, \"cold pursuit\" is not a recognized legal term or exception, and electronic surveillance typically requires a warrant under most circumstances.\nAnswer: E","question":"Which of the following is not a warrantless search exception?","score":1,"choices":["Stop and frisk","Incident to a lawful arrest","Emergency situation","Vehicle exception","Cold pursuit","Public place exception","Consent","Plain view","Electronic surveillance"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1057,"response":"Explanation: According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a party must demand a jury trial by serving the other parties with a written demandâ€”which may be included in a pleadingâ€”no later than 14 days after the last pleading directed to the issue is served. This rule ensures that the right to a jury trial is preserved and properly requested in a timely manner.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A patent holder brought a patent infringement action in federal court against a licensee of the patent. The patent holder believed that a jury would be more sympathetic to his claims than a judge, and asked his lawyer to obtain a jury trial. What should the lawyer do to secure the patent holder's right to a jury trial?","score":0,"choices":["File and serve a jury trial demand within 60 days after the close of the pleadings.","File and serve a jury trial demand within 30 days after the close of the pleadings.","File and serve a jury trial demand at the initial court hearing.","File and serve a complaint that excludes a jury trial demand.","Make a verbal request for a jury trial during the first court hearing.","Make a jury trial demand at the initial pretrial conference.","File and serve a complaint that includes a jury trial demand.","File and serve a jury trial demand within 14 days after the complaint was served."],"correct":"G","answer":"H"}
{"number":1058,"response":"Explanation: According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, specifically Rule 38, a party may demand a jury trial by serving the other parties with a written demandâ€”which may be included in a pleadingâ€”no later than 14 days after the last pleading directed to the issue is served. This means that the lawyer should file and serve a complaint that includes a jury trial demand to secure the patent holder's right to a jury trial.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A patent holder brought a patent infringement action in federal court against a licensee of the patent. The patent holder believed that a jury would be more sympathetic to his claims than a judge, and asked his lawyer to obtain a jury trial. What should the lawyer do to secure the patent holder's right to a jury trial?","score":1,"choices":["File and serve a jury trial demand within 60 days after the close of the pleadings.","File and serve a jury trial demand at the close of discovery.","Submit a jury trial demand by email to the judge's office.","File and serve a jury trial demand within 30 days after the close of the pleadings.","File and serve a jury trial demand at the initial court hearing.","File and serve a complaint that excludes a jury trial demand.","Make a verbal request for a jury trial during the first court hearing.","Make a jury trial demand at the initial pretrial conference.","File and serve a complaint that includes a jury trial demand.","File and serve a jury trial demand within 14 days after the complaint was served."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1059,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel during critical stages of criminal proceedings. These stages include post-charge lineups, preliminary hearings, arraignments, and police interrogations after formal charges have been filed. However, the right to counsel does not extend to pre-charge activities such as investigative surveillance or police interrogation prior to arrest.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"In which of the following stages does an indigent person not have the Sixth Amendment right to counsel?","score":1,"choices":["Execution of the arrest warrant","investigative surveillance","Police interrogation prior to arrest","Post-charge lineups","Preliminary Hearing","Arraignment"],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1060,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Rule in Shelley's Case is a common law doctrine that applies when a grantor gives a life estate to someone and then attempts to give the remainder to the heirs of that person. Under this rule, the remainder interest is not recognized as going to the heirs but instead merges with the life estate, giving the life tenant a fee simple absolute. In this scenario, Owner's attempt to convey a future interest to his own heirs would be ineffective, resulting in a reversion back to Owner after Friend's life estate.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Owner has a property in fee simple absolute. He executes a deed to Friend with the words \"To Friend for life and then to the heirs of Owner.\" Under common law principles the conveyance to the heirs is not effective. Thus, the deed would result in a life estate to Friend with a reversion back to Owner. That result is due to what common law doctrine?","score":0,"choices":["The doctrine of eminent domain","The rule of survivorship","The rule of destructibility of contingent remainders","The rule in Shelly's case","The doctrine of escheat","The doctrine of concurrent ownership","The doctrine of worthier title","The rule of lapse","The rule against perpetuities","The doctrine of adverse possession"],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1061,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, modifications to a contract must be in writing if the original contract stipulates that modifications must be in writing. In this case, the original contract included a provision that any modifications must be in writing, and the modification was not put into writing. Therefore, the oral agreement to increase the price is unenforceable under the UCC.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"On December 30, a restaurant entered into a written contract with a bakery to supply the restaurant with all of its bread needs for the next calendar year. The contract contained a provision wherein the restaurant promised to purchase \"a minimum of 100 loaves per month at $1 per loaf. \" On a separate sheet, there was a note stating that any modifications must be in writing. The parties signed each sheet. Both sides performed fully under the contract for the first four months. On May 1, the president of the bakery telephoned the manager of the restaurant and told him that, because of an increase in the cost of wheat, the bakery would be forced to raise its prices to $1. 20 per loaf. The manager said he understood and agreed to the price increase. The bakery then shipped 100 loaves (the amount ordered by the restaurant) to the restaurant, along with a bill for $120. The restaurant sent the bakery a check for$100 and refused to pay any more. Is the restaurant obligated to pay the additional $20?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the May 1 modification was enforceable even though it was not supported by new consideration.","No, because the bakery failed to provide written notice of the price increase as stipulated in the original contract.","No, because the price increase was due to external factors and not a decision by the bakery.","Yes, because the bakery detrimentally relied on the modification by making the May shipment to the restaurant.","No, because the original contract did not specify a price adjustment clause.","No, because the modifying contract was not in writing; it was, therefore, unenforceable under the UCC.","Yes, because the restaurant was aware of the price increase before the delivery was made.","No, because there was no consideration to support the modification.","Yes, because the restaurant manager verbally agreed to the price increase.","Yes, because the price increase is minimal and doesn't significantly affect the restaurant's expenses."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1062,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Adverse possession requires continuous and open possession for the statutory period, which in this case is 20 years. The tenant's possession began in 1986, and the Girl Scouts of America discovered their ownership in 2009, which is only 23 years. However, the tenant stopped paying rent after the landowner's death, which could be seen as a break in continuous possession. The key point here is that the statutory period for adverse possession had not yet been reached without continuous and open possession.\nAnswer: F","question":"In 1985, a landowner, the undisputed owner of an apartment building, leased it to a tenant for a term of seven years. Rent was to be paid in installments due on the first day of each month. One year later, in 1986, the landowner died leaving no heirs. In her will, the landowner left her entire estate to the Girl Scouts of America. The apartment building was not specifically mentioned in the will. One month after the landowner died, the tenant, having learned of the landowner's death, decided to remain on the property, but stopped paying rent. The Girl Scouts of America organization was unaware of the landowner's gift to the organization until 2009, when attorneys for the organization conducted an inventory of testamentary gifts to the Girl Scouts of America, which revealed that they had a claim to ownership of the apartment building. The statutory period for adverse possession in this jurisdiction is 20 years. In an ejection action by the Girl Scouts of America against the tenant, the organization will prevail","score":0,"choices":["if the tenant believed that his lease with the landowner was still in effect after the latter died.","because the Girl Scouts of America did not know about their ownership until 2009.","because the tenant discontinued paying rent following the landowner's death.","if the tenant was never formally notified about the landowner's will.","if the tenant leased the apartment building to a teacher for three years while he (the tenant) was called into military service.","because the statutory period for adverse possession had not yet been reached.","if the tenant claimed to have bought the apartment building from the landowner before her death.","because the tenant never paid taxes on the apartment building.","if the tenant made significant improvements to the apartment building."],"correct":"A","answer":"F"}
{"number":1063,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Adverse possession requires continuous and open occupation of the property for a statutory period, which in this case is 20 years. The tenant occupied the property from 1986 to 2009, which is 23 years. However, the tenant's occupation must meet all requirements of adverse possession, including being hostile, actual, open and notorious, exclusive, and continuous. The tenant's occupation was not hostile because it began under a lease agreement. Therefore, the statutory period for adverse possession had not yet been reached under these conditions.\nAnswer: G","question":"In 1985, a landowner, the undisputed owner of an apartment building, leased it to a tenant for a term of seven years. Rent was to be paid in installments due on the first day of each month. One year later, in 1986, the landowner died leaving no heirs. In her will, the landowner left her entire estate to the Girl Scouts of America. The apartment building was not specifically mentioned in the will. One month after the landowner died, the tenant, having learned of the landowner's death, decided to remain on the property, but stopped paying rent. The Girl Scouts of America organization was unaware of the landowner's gift to the organization until 2009, when attorneys for the organization conducted an inventory of testamentary gifts to the Girl Scouts of America, which revealed that they had a claim to ownership of the apartment building. The statutory period for adverse possession in this jurisdiction is 20 years. In an ejection action by the Girl Scouts of America against the tenant, the organization will prevail","score":0,"choices":["if the tenant believed that his lease with the landowner was still in effect after the latter died.","because the Girl Scouts of America did not know about their ownership until 2009.","because the tenant continued to occupy the apartment building after the landowner's death.","because the tenant discontinued paying rent following the landowner's death.","if the tenant was never formally notified about the landowner's will.","if the tenant leased the apartment building to a teacher for three years while he (the tenant) was called into military service.","because the statutory period for adverse possession had not yet been reached.","if the tenant claimed to have bought the apartment building from the landowner before her death.","because the tenant never paid taxes on the apartment building.","if the tenant made significant improvements to the apartment building."],"correct":"A","answer":"G"}
{"number":1064,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In criminal cases, the prosecution must prove each element of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt. The judge's instruction suggesting that the jury could infer intent based on the missing matches could improperly shift the burden of proof from the prosecution to the defendant, which is not permissible. The prosecution must establish intent through evidence, and any inference should not undermine this requirement.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with arson, which in this jurisdiction is defined as the \"malicious or intentional burning of any structure or dwelling. \" When the defendant was arrested, he was inside a warehouse that was engulfed in flames. At the time he was apprehended, the police found in his possession a book of matches with four matches missing. At trial, the prosecution introduced the book of matches into evidence. Following closing arguments, and before the jury retired for deliberations, the judge gave instructions concerning the law of the case. The judge instructed the jury that it could infer the defendant's intent to set the fire based on the fact that four matches were missing from the matchbook. This instruction was specifically objected to by the defense counsel. The judge's jury instruction concerning the defendant's intent was","score":0,"choices":["proper, because it constituted a permissible inference.","proper, because the judge has discretion to guide the jury's deliberations.","proper, because it constituted a rebuttable presumption of fact.","proper, because the law allows for the inference of intent based on circumstantial evidence.","improper, because the instruction assumes guilt based on possession of the matches.","improper, because the instruction shifts the burden of persuasion from the prosecution to the defendant defense.","proper, because it allowed the jury to consider all evidence presented.","improper, because it biased the jury against the defendant.","improper, because the prosecution must prove each element of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt.","improper, because it allowed the jury to speculate on the defendant's intent."],"correct":"A","answer":"I"}
{"number":1065,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In criminal cases, the prosecution must prove each element of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt. The judge's instruction that the jury could infer intent based on the missing matches could improperly shift the burden of proof from the prosecution to the defendant, which is not permissible. This instruction could lead the jury to assume guilt based on circumstantial evidence without requiring the prosecution to meet its burden of proof.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with arson, which in this jurisdiction is defined as the \"malicious or intentional burning of any structure or dwelling. \" When the defendant was arrested, he was inside a warehouse that was engulfed in flames. At the time he was apprehended, the police found in his possession a book of matches with four matches missing. At trial, the prosecution introduced the book of matches into evidence. Following closing arguments, and before the jury retired for deliberations, the judge gave instructions concerning the law of the case. The judge instructed the jury that it could infer the defendant's intent to set the fire based on the fact that four matches were missing from the matchbook. This instruction was specifically objected to by the defense counsel. The judge's jury instruction concerning the defendant's intent was","score":0,"choices":["proper, because it constituted a permissible inference.","proper, because the judge has discretion to guide the jury's deliberations.","proper, because it constituted a rebuttable presumption of fact.","proper, because the law allows for the inference of intent based on circumstantial evidence.","improper, because the instruction assumes guilt based on possession of the matches.","improper, because the instruction shifts the burden of persuasion from the prosecution to the defendant defense.","proper, because it allowed the jury to consider all evidence presented.","improper, because it biased the jury against the defendant.","improper, because the prosecution must prove each element of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt.","improper, because it allowed the jury to speculate on the defendant's intent."],"correct":"A","answer":"I"}
{"number":1066,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The hearsay rule generally excludes out-of-court statements offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted, unless an exception applies. Newspapers typically fall under hearsay but there are exceptions for market reports and commercial publications that are generally relied upon by the public or by persons in particular occupations.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An investor sued a corporation for stock fraud. In presenting his case-in-chief, the investor sought to introduce an issue of a newspaper to show the corporation's stock price on that given day. Upon objection by the corporation's attorney, this evidence should be","score":1,"choices":["admitted, because it is relevant to the case.","admitted, under the business records exception.","excluded, because it is considered hearsay.","excluded, because the newspaper is not a credible source.","admitted, under the past recollection recorded exception.","excluded, because it violates the original document rule.","excluded, because the newspaper copy does not fit within any established exception to the hearsay rule.","excluded, because it violates the best evidence rule.","admitted, under the market reports exception."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1067,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement introduced to prove the truth of the matter asserted, and newspapers are generally considered hearsay. However, there are exceptions to the hearsay rule. One such exception is the market reports exception, which allows for the admission of market quotations, tabulations, lists, directories, or other published compilations generally used and relied upon by the public or by persons in particular occupations.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An investor sued a corporation for stock fraud. In presenting his case-in-chief, the investor sought to introduce an issue of a newspaper to show the corporation's stock price on that given day. Upon objection by the corporation's attorney, this evidence should be","score":1,"choices":["admitted, because it is relevant to the case.","admitted, under the business records exception.","excluded, because it is considered hearsay.","excluded, because the newspaper is not a credible source.","admitted, under the past recollection recorded exception.","admitted, under the public records exception.","excluded, because it violates the original document rule.","excluded, because the newspaper copy does not fit within any established exception to the hearsay rule.","excluded, because it violates the best evidence rule.","admitted, under the market reports exception."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1068,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Evidence admissibility is governed by relevance and potential prejudice. Evidence of liability insurance (choices C and G) is generally inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence because it can lead to unfair prejudice, suggesting that the company can afford to pay damages regardless of fault. However, there are exceptions if the evidence is used for another purpose, such as proving ownership or control.\n\nIn this scenario:\n- Choice C involves using insurance evidence to counter a denial of ownership, which might be admissible.\n- Choice G involves using insurance evidence to argue against the truck driver being an independent contractor, which is less directly relevant and more likely to be excluded due to potential prejudice.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A truck driver was assigned to drive a huge tractor- trailer loaded with logs. The logs were being sold by a lumber company, which had loaded the tractor- trailer. After four hours of steady driving, the truck driver stopped at a lounge and consumed five bottles of beer. He left the tavern in an intoxicated condition and then drove off to make his final delivery. As he came to the top of a steep incline in the highway and started his descent, an 11-year-old girl suddenly darted out into the road directly in front of him. The truck driver slammed on his powerful air brakes and swerved sharply to the left to avoid hitting her, but the girl was struck by the tractor- trailer and was seriously injured. The girl's parents, on behalf of their daughter, assert a claim against the lumber company to recover damages for the girl's injuries. At trial, which of the following is LEAST likely to be admissible?","score":0,"choices":["Evidence that the truck driver completed a state-approved alcohol education program, if the driver claims that he was not intoxicated.","Evidence that the truck driver's reputation for driving is poor, if the lumber company and truck driver argue that the latter was not negligent.","Evidence that the lumber company carried liability insurance on the tractor-trailer, if an investigator for the lumber company's insurance company testified for the lumber company that they deny ownership of the truck.","Evidence that the girl had darted into the road in front of vehicles before, if the parents argue that she was frightened by the truck.","Evidence that the truck driver had a previous conviction for a DUI five years ago.","Evidence of the girl's school records, if her parents argue that she was a cautious child.","Evidence that the lumber company carried liability insurance on the tractor-trailer, if the lumber company argues that the truck driver was an independent contractor.","Evidence that the truck driver was on his phone at the time of the accident, if the lumber company argues that the driver was distracted.","Evidence that the truck driver pleaded guilty to a criminal charge of DUI arising from this incident.","Evidence that the lumber company had previously been fined for overloading their trucks, if the lumber company argues that the truck was not overloaded."],"correct":"B","answer":"G"}
{"number":1069,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The original agreement on June 1 was a requirements contract, which is generally enforceable. The subsequent agreement on June 23 modified the terms of the original contract, including the price and the minimum monthly requirement. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, modifications to contracts do not require new consideration to be enforceable as long as they are made in good faith.\n\nGiven that both parties agreed to the new terms and signed a written agreement, this constitutes a valid modification of their original contract.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An aluminum can manufacturer entered into negotiations with an aluminum sheeting supplier to supply the manufacturer's requirements of aluminum sheeting. After extensive discussions, the parties signed the following agreement on June 1:\"The supplier agrees to supply all of the manufacturer's requirements of aluminum sheeting for a period of two years beginning on August 1, at a price of $3. 00 per unit. \"On June 16, the manufacturer notified the supplier that it would need a delivery of 2,000 units by August 1 to accommodate its needs. The supplier informed the manufacturer that it did not contemplate such high requirements, since its plant's capacity was only 2,800 per month. Moreover, the supplier pointed out that in order to meet the manufacturer's order of 2,000 units, it would probably lose two long-time customers, whose outstanding orders would have to be canceled. After a week of negotiations, on June 23 the supplier orally agreed to deliver 2,000 units of sheeting to the manufacturer by August 1. The parties then signed the following contract:\"The supplier agrees to supply all of the manufacturer's requirements of aluminum sheeting for a period of two years beginning August 1, at a price of $3. 50 per unit. The manufacturer agrees that it will require a minimum of 800 units in every month of the agreement. \"On June 25 the supplier notified its two longtime customers that it was canceling their August orders (of 800 units) because of other contract commitments. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the written agreement between the parties on June 23?","score":1,"choices":["The agreement was enforceable, but only for the increased price of $3.50 per unit.","The agreement was unenforceable, as it was not in writing.","The agreement was unenforceable, as the supplier did not have the capacity to fulfill the manufacturer's needs.","The agreement constituted a valid termination of their June 1 contract.","The agreement was enforceable, but only for the first month of the contract.","The agreement constituted a valid modification of their June 1 contract.","The agreement was unenforceable, since there was no new consideration.","The agreement was unenforceable, since the manufacturer did not provide new consideration.","The agreement constituted an enforceable reformation of their June 1 contract.","The agreement was unenforceable, since the supplier was under a pre-existing duty to supply the manufacturer with the sheeting under their June 1 contract."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1070,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel, and a defendant must make a knowing and intelligent waiver of this right for self-representation to be valid. Given the defendant's limited education and lack of legal knowledge, it is questionable whether he made a knowing and intelligent waiver. The judge's failure to adequately inform the defendant of his rights further complicates the matter.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant was charged with armed robbery. The defendant had only an eighth-grade education and no legal knowledge. At a pretrial hearing, the defendant told the judge that he was unhappy with the public defender who had been appointed to represent him and that he wanted the judge to appoint another lawyer. The judge refused to appoint another lawyer, telling the defendant, with no further explanation, that his only other choice was to represent himself. The defendant said that he would represent himself at trial then, as \"anything [was] better than having this lawyer.\" The defendant did not raise the subject again, and he represented himself at trial. After hearing overwhelming evidence of the defendant's guilt, the jury convicted him of armed robbery. On appeal, the defendant has requested a new trial on the ground that he was deprived of his right to counsel. Should the appellate court grant the defendant's request?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the defendant was not adequately informed of his right to counsel.","No, because the trial court's error was harmless in light of the overwhelming evidence.","No, because the defendant made a conscious decision to represent himself after the judge's refusal.","No, because the defendant explicitly expressed his desire to represent himself, indicating a valid waiver.","Yes, because the record does not establish a valid waiver of the right to counsel.","No, because the defendant had the opportunity to request another lawyer but chose not to.","Yes, because the defendant's lack of legal knowledge and low level of education made self-representation unfair.","Yes, because the defendant was not capable of effectively representing himself.","No, because the defendant voluntarily waived his right to counsel.","Yes, because the defendant was not given the opportunity to have another lawyer appointed."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1071,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The friend agreed to participate in the crime and took steps to assist in its commission, which constitutes conspiracy. However, he did not actually commit larceny as he did not take possession of the TV. Additionally, by calling the police and not actually aiding in the theft, he cannot be convicted of aiding and abetting a burglary or being an accessory before or after the fact. Therefore, the friend can properly be convicted of conspiracy.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A young man suggested to his friend that they steal a large-screen TV from a neighborÃ•s house. The friend was angry with the young man and decided to use the opportunity to get even with him by having him arrested. The friend said he would help, and that night, he drove the young man to the neighborÃ•s house. The young man broke in while the friend remained out-side. The friend called the police on his cell phone and then drove away. Police officers arrived at the scene just as the young man was carrying the TV out the back door. The jurisdiction defines crimes as at common law. Of what crime, if any, can the friend properly be convicted?","score":0,"choices":["No crime.","Conspiracy and larceny.","Aiding and abetting a burglary.","Burglary.","Conspiracy.","Accessory after the fact.","Accessory before the fact.","Attempted larceny.","Assault.","False imprisonment."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1072,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. Classifications based on alienage are generally considered suspect and subject to strict scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. This means that the state must show that the classification serves a compelling state interest and is narrowly tailored to achieve that interest. In this case, denying loans based on citizenship status would likely be subject to strict scrutiny and could be found unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Each year the state provides a number of non- interest-bearing loans andlor scholarships to candidates for the degree of L. L. B or J. D. at the state's law school. The applicable state statute limits eligibility to citizens of the United States and aliens seeking U. S. citizenship. A candidate for a J. D. degree at the state law school applied for one of the non-interest-bearing loans. Since he did not intend to seek U. S. citizenship, he was refused the loan for ineligibility under the state statute. In a suit by the candidate challenging the constitutionality of the state statute, he will","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the state has the right to limit eligibility for its programs.","lose, because the statute promotes a compelling state interest.","lose, because the statute is in accordance with the state's education policies.","lose, because alienage classifications are not, per Se, unconstitutional under the Fourteenth Amendment's equal protection clause.","win, because the statute infringes on the candidate's right to financial aid.","win, because classifications by a state that are based on alienage are inherently suspect and subject to close judicial scrutiny.","lose, because classifications by a state based on citizenship status are constitutional.","win, because the statute is violative of the privileges or immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","win, because the statute discriminates against those who choose not to pursue U.S. citizenship.","win, because the statute violates the candidate's right to equal treatment under the law."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1073,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze each situation to determine which one most likely constitutes murder:\n\nA. The surgeon intentionally makes a mistake during surgery, leading to the patient's death. This intentional act could be considered murder due to the deliberate intent to cause harm.\n\nB. Leaving poison accessible to a toddler might be considered negligent but not intentional, so it is more likely to be manslaughter or negligent homicide rather than murder.\n\nC. Throwing a firecracker as a joke without intent to kill, even though it results in death, would likely be considered manslaughter rather than murder.\n\nD. Leaving a gun out which is then used by a robber to commit murder is too indirect and lacks the necessary intent for the defendant to be guilty of murder.\n\nE. Serving peanuts to someone known to have a severe allergy could be seen as reckless disregard for human life, potentially rising to the level of second-degree murder depending on jurisdiction.\n\nF. Failing to warn someone about an imminent threat may constitute negligence but not necessarily murder unless there was a duty to act and clear intent.\n\nG. Allowing an unlicensed friend to drive, resulting in death, is more likely negligence or reckless endangerment rather than murder.\n\nH. Intentionally dispensing the wrong medication with knowledge that it could cause death shows clear intent, making this scenario likely to be considered murder.\n\nI. Sending a threatening letter without direct intent to cause death would more likely result in charges of manslaughter or negligent homicide rather than murder.\n\nJ. Allowing an intoxicated person to drive, resulting in death, is reckless but lacks the direct intent required for murder.\n\nAmong these scenarios, A and H involve intentional acts that directly lead to someone's death, making them the most likely candidates for murder charges. However, H involves a clearer and more direct intention to cause harm by dispensing the wrong medication intentionally.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In which situation would the defendant most likely be guilty of murder?","score":0,"choices":["The defendant, a surgeon, intentionally makes a mistake during a patient's surgery, which results in the patient's death.","The defendant leaves a bottle of poison on his kitchen counter. His toddler son finds the bottle, drinks from it, and dies.","As a practical joke, the defendant throws a firecracker in a crowded movie theater. A victim, who has a weak heart, becomes frightened and thinks someone is firing a gun. The victim suffers a heart attack and dies.","The defendant keeps a loaded gun in his house for protection. One day, the defendant leaves the gun on the kitchen table and leaves for work. That same day, a robber breaks into the defendant's home, sees the gun, and steals it. The robber then uses the gun to rob a convenience store. During the robbery, the robber shoots and kills the proprietor with the defendant's gun.","The defendant, knowing that his friend is severely allergic to peanuts, invites the friend over for dinner and serves a meal containing peanuts. The friend has a severe allergic reaction and dies.","The defendant hates her husband after learning that he is having an affair with her best friend. She also knows that her husband owes a man a large amount of money, which he refuses to pay. Before the husband is about to leave for work, the defendant looks out the window and sees the man hiding outside with a gun. The defendant decides not to warn the husband, who then walks outside and is shot and killed by the man.","The defendant allows a friend to borrow his car, knowing that the friend has never driven before and does not have a driver's license. The friend crashes the car into a tree, killing a pedestrian.","The defendant, a pharmacist, intentionally dispenses the wrong medication to a patient. The patient takes the medication and dies.","The defendant sends a threatening letter to a coworker. The coworker, who has a weak heart, is so frightened by the letter that he suffers a heart attack and dies.","The defendant and his friend attended a party together. At the party, the friend became extremely inebriated. The friend asked the defendant if she could borrow his car to drive to the liquor store to buy more booze for the party. Although the defendant was aware of the friend's intoxicated condition, he allowed her to drive his car to the liquor store. The friend drove through a red light and collided with the victim's car. The victim was killed in the accident."],"correct":"F","answer":"H"}
{"number":1074,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, generally requiring a warrant for searches unless an exception applies. In this scenario, the woman was detained without any specific evidence linking her to the drug transactions, and her purse was searched without her consent or a warrant. The police did not have probable cause specific to her involvement in the crime, making the search of her purse likely unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"Police officers received an anonymous tip that two men were selling cocaine from the back of a restaurant. The tipster stated to the police that the two men were both tall white men who were wearing jeans and black shirts, the uniform of the restaurant. The tipster also said that one of the men had red hair and was wearing a tan ball cap and the other man had black hair and was wearing a red ball cap. The police set up surveillance on the back of the restaurant and saw the two men make several hand- to-hand transactions. Upon receiving authority to make the arrest from their commanding officer, they waited for the two men to come out again. About two hours later, the two men came out again, this time with a woman. The officers arrested the two men and detained the woman to determine her involvement. The officers took the woman's purse without her consent and searched it for illegal narcotics. In her purse they found three grams of crack cocaine, digital scales, a small glass pipe used for inhaling crack cocaine, and a balloon of black tar heroin. The woman was then arrested on the various drug charges. The woman was thereafter prosecuted and charged with illegal possession of a controlled dangerous substance and possession of drug paraphernalia. She filed a motion to exclude the drugs and the paraphernalia from evidence. Her motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the police had reasonable suspicion to believe that she was involved in the drug transactions.","denied, because the search was justified, since she was about to leave the scene of the crime.","granted, because the woman was not given a chance to refuse the search of her purse.","granted, because the police violated her right to privacy by searching her purse without her consent.","denied, because the woman was in a public place where she had a reduced expectation of privacy.","denied, because the police were acting in the interest of public safety.","denied, because she was sufficiently close or proximate to the crime scene to justifi the warrantless search.","granted, because the police did not secure a warrant before conducting the search.","granted, because the police should have asked for her consent before searching her purse.","granted, because the police did not have probable cause to conduct the search of her purse."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1075,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Trade fixtures are items installed by a tenant for the purpose of conducting a business and can be removed by the tenant at the end of the lease term, provided that the removal does not cause substantial damage to the property. The tenant installed these items for his commercial enterprise, and he removed them without causing damage to the building. Therefore, the removal was proper because they were trade fixtures.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A landlord orally leased a commercial building to a tenant for a 10-year term, which ended one year ago. At the beginning of the lease term, the tenant installed numerous appliances in the building as well as a large air-conditioning system. The tenant alone paid for these items; they were installed with the landlord's permission and were used for the tenant's commercial enterprise. At the end of the lease term, the tenant failed to vacate the premises in a timely manner and continued to pay rent while remaining in possession for another four months. Before vacating the building at the end of the fourth month, the tenant removed the appliances and the air-conditioning system that he had installed, causing no damage to the building. Was the removal by the tenant proper?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the items were considered part of the property.","Yes, because the removal did not cause any damage to the building.","No, because he removed the items after the lease term had ended.","Yes, because he had originally paid for the items.","Yes, because they were trade fixtures.","No, because the items were considered permanent fixtures.","Yes, because he had the landlord's original permission to install the items.","No, because the lease was oral.","No, because he was a holdover tenant.","Yes, because they were accessions."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1076,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The brother's interest is contingent upon the uncle moving to another state. This makes it a contingent interest rather than a vested one. It is also an executory interest because it cuts short the uncle's life estate if the condition (moving to another state) is met. Since it is measured by the life of another (the uncle), it is pur autre vie.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A grantor executed a deed by which he conveyed his apartment building for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my son for life, then to my uncle for life, but if my uncle moves to another state, to my brother for the life of my uncle, then to the heirs of my uncle if my uncle does not move to another state, and to the heirs of my brother if my uncle does move to another state. \" This deed was promptly recorded. During the son's lifetime, the brother's interest may best be described as a (an)","score":1,"choices":["contingent remainder pur autre vie.","vested remainder absolute.","estate pur autre vie.","shifting executory interest pur autre vie.","vested remainder pur autre vie.","contingent remainder in fee simple.","contingent executory interest pur autre vie.","vested remainder in fee simple.","vested executory interest pur autre vie.","contingent remainder absolute."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1077,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the interests step by step. The grantor conveyed the property to his son for life, creating a life estate in the son. After the son's death, the property goes to the uncle for life, creating another life estate in the uncle. However, if the uncle moves to another state, the property shifts to the brother for the life of the uncle. This creates a shifting executory interest in the brother because it cuts short the uncle's life estate upon a specific condition (moving to another state). The brother's interest is contingent on whether or not the uncle moves to another state, and it is measured by the uncle's life (pur autre vie).\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A grantor executed a deed by which he conveyed his apartment building for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my son for life, then to my uncle for life, but if my uncle moves to another state, to my brother for the life of my uncle, then to the heirs of my uncle if my uncle does not move to another state, and to the heirs of my brother if my uncle does move to another state. \" This deed was promptly recorded. During the son's lifetime, the brother's interest may best be described as a (an)","score":1,"choices":["contingent remainder pur autre vie.","vested remainder absolute.","estate pur autre vie.","shifting executory interest pur autre vie.","vested remainder pur autre vie.","contingent remainder in fee simple.","contingent executory interest pur autre vie.","vested remainder in fee simple.","vested executory interest pur autre vie.","contingent remainder absolute."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1078,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on Miranda rights and the exclusionary rule for help. The defendant invoked his right to counsel, and the detectives continued questioning him, which violates his Fifth Amendment rights. Any confession obtained in violation of this right is inadmissible. Furthermore, evidence obtained as a direct result of an inadmissible confession (the \"fruit of the poisonous tree\") is also typically inadmissible. Therefore, both the confession and the clothing obtained from the search warrant should be suppressed.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant was suspected of having burglarized his neighbor's apartment. The neighbor reported that his apartment had been ransacked and several items of clothing had been stolen. During the course of their investigation, two police detectives went to the defendant's place of work to interview him. After being advised of his Miranda rights, the defendant requested permission to call his attorney. Although his attorney was unavailable, the attorney's receptionist admonished him not to say anything. The defendant told the detectives he would have nothing further to say unless his attorney was present. The detectives then asked him if he would accompany them to the police station to answer some questions about an unrelated robbery. The defendant agreed. As they were driving to the police station, the defendant was asked where he had purchased the boots that he was wearing. He refused to answer. When they arrived at the police station, the detectives requested that he sign a waiver of his right to counsel. The defendant replied that he would not sign anything in the absence of his attorney. He was then placed in an interrogation room. Shortly thereafter, the defendant was told he could leave if he would be willing to say where he had purchased his boots. The defendant admitted that he had bought the boots and some shirts from a friend. From this information, the detectives obtained a search warrant and went to the defendant's home where they found the stolen clothing. The defendant is charged with burglarizing the apartment. At trial, the court should","score":1,"choices":["admit the confession because it was voluntary, and the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant.","suppress the confession because it was obtained in violation of his Fifth Amendment right to counsel, and the clothing because the search warrant was secured as a result of the confession.","suppress both the confession and the clothing because the defendant's right to counsel was violated.","admit the confession because the defendant voluntarily accompanied the detectives, but suppress the clothing because the search warrant was based on the confession.","suppress the confession because the defendant failed to sign the waiver, but admit the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant.","admit the confession because the defendant was not under arrest when he made it, and the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant.","admit the confession because the question about the boots was about an unrelated robbery, but suppress the clothing because the search warrant was based on the confession.","suppress the confession because the defendant's attorney was not present, and the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant.","suppress the confession because the detectives continued questioning after the defendant invoked his right to counsel, but admit the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant.","suppress the confession because it was obtained in violation of his Sixth Amendment right to counsel, but admit the clothing because it was obtained pursuant to a valid search warrant."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1079,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In this scenario, the girl did not intend to cause harm, so intentional torts like battery or assault are not applicable. The woman was injured as a result of the girl's actions, even though the girl did not intend to cause harm. This situation falls under negligence because the girl failed to exercise reasonable care while playing catch, which resulted in the woman's injury.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A 12-year-old girl and her friends were playing catch with a baseball in the middle of a field of grass in the park. Near the edge of the field, a woman was sitting in a beach chair and reading a book. The girl threw the ball too far, and it went over her friends' heads and flew toward the woman. Although the woman did not see the ball coming, it hit the straw hat that the woman was wearing, knocking it from her head. Although the woman was not touched by the ball, she was startled by the ball hitting her hat, and she fell from her chair and broke her arm. If the woman initiates a suit against the girl to recover damages for her broken arm, the woman will","score":0,"choices":["recover for personal injury.","not recover as she was at fault for not paying attention.","recover for battery only.","recover for assault and battery.","recover for both negligence and assault.","recover for intentional infliction of emotional distress.","recover for negligence only.","recover for assault only.","not recover.","recover for both negligence and battery."],"correct":"I","answer":"G"}
{"number":1080,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The pedestrian entered a private club without permission, despite the clear sign indicating \"ADMITTANCE TO MEMBERS ONLY.\" This means he did not have any form of consent, implied or explicit, to be there. Therefore, his legal status would be that of a trespasser.\nAnswer: B","question":"A pedestrian, who was walking along Chestnut Street at 10:20 p. m. on the night of December 3, urgently needed to find a restroom. Just ahead, the pedestrian noticed a private dinner club. As the pedestrian approached the club, he noticed a sign over the front door that read: \"ADMITTANCE TO MEMBERS ONLY. \" Although the pedestrian was not a member of the exclusive club, he entered the dimly lit club, found a door marked \"Gentlemen,\" and entered the restroom. Which of the following would best describe the pedestrian's legal status when he was in the restroom?","score":1,"choices":["Invitee with implied consent.","Trespasser.","Occupant.","Guest.","Invitee.","Visitor.","Licensee.","Unlawful entrant.","Tenant."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1081,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The pedestrian entered a private club without permission, despite the clear sign indicating that admittance was restricted to members only. This means he did not have any form of consent, implied or otherwise, to be on the premises. Therefore, his legal status would best be described as a trespasser.\nAnswer: B","question":"A pedestrian, who was walking along Chestnut Street at 10:20 p. m. on the night of December 3, urgently needed to find a restroom. Just ahead, the pedestrian noticed a private dinner club. As the pedestrian approached the club, he noticed a sign over the front door that read: \"ADMITTANCE TO MEMBERS ONLY. \" Although the pedestrian was not a member of the exclusive club, he entered the dimly lit club, found a door marked \"Gentlemen,\" and entered the restroom. Which of the following would best describe the pedestrian's legal status when he was in the restroom?","score":1,"choices":["Invitee with implied consent.","Trespasser.","Occupant.","Guest.","Invitee.","Visitor.","Intruder.","Licensee.","Unlawful entrant.","Tenant."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1082,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When evaluating the constitutionality of economic regulations, courts typically apply the \"rational basis\" test. This test requires that the plaintiff demonstrate that there is no rational relationship between the ordinance and any legitimate state interest. The burden of persuasion lies with the plaintiff to show that the ordinance is not rationally related to a legitimate government purpose.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"To improve the quality of rental housing within its boundaries, a city proposed an ordinance requiring all new and existing rental housing units to provide at least one full bathroom for each bedroom, plumbing and electrical hookups for a washer and dryer, and a covered parking space. A majority of the owners of existing rental housing in the city opposed the ordinance. They argued that it would dramatically decrease the number of lowincome rental housing units because owners would be unable to raise rents enough to recoup the investment required to comply. Without denying these contentions, the city enacted the ordinance. A plaintiff who owns low-income rental housing has sued the city, claiming only that the ordinance is unconstitutional on its face. Which of the following best states the burden of persuasion in this action?","score":1,"choices":["The city must demonstrate that the ordinance is necessary to serve a compelling state interest, because it adversely affects the fundamental right of rental housing owners to use their property in the manner they deem most economically efficient.","The city must demonstrate that the ordinance is necessary to serve a compelling state interest, because it will have a substantial and disproportionate negative impact on low-income persons.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that the ordinance is not substantially related to an important state interest, because it requires some owners of rental housing to invest money that they will not be able to recoup from increased rents.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that there is no rational relationship between the ordinance and any legitimate state interest, because the ordinance regulates economic activity of a type normally presumed to be within state regulatory authority."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1083,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When a law regulates economic activity, it is generally subject to rational basis review. Under this standard, the burden is on the plaintiff to demonstrate that there is no rational relationship between the ordinance and any legitimate state interest. The city does not have to prove necessity or compelling interest unless fundamental rights or suspect classifications are involved, which is not the case here.\nAnswer: A","question":"To improve the quality of rental housing within its boundaries, a city proposed an ordinance requiring all new and existing rental housing units to provide at least one full bathroom for each bedroom, plumbing and electrical hookups for a washer and dryer, and a covered parking space. A majority of the owners of existing rental housing in the city opposed the ordinance. They argued that it would dramatically decrease the number of lowincome rental housing units because owners would be unable to raise rents enough to recoup the investment required to comply. Without denying these contentions, the city enacted the ordinance. A plaintiff who owns low-income rental housing has sued the city, claiming only that the ordinance is unconstitutional on its face. Which of the following best states the burden of persuasion in this action?","score":1,"choices":["The plaintiff must demonstrate that there is no rational relationship between the ordinance and any legitimate state interest, because the ordinance regulates economic activity of a type normally presumed to be within state regulatory authority.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that the ordinance does not serve a significant public interest, because it adversely affects low-income individuals.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that the ordinance is not proportionate to the intended public benefit, because it imposes a financial burden on property owners.","The city must demonstrate that the ordinance is necessary to serve a compelling state interest, because it adversely affects the fundamental right of rental housing owners to use their property in the manner they deem most economically efficient.","The city must demonstrate that the ordinance does not violate the rights of the property owners, because it regulates the use of their property.","The city must demonstrate that the ordinance is necessary to improve the standard of living within its jurisdiction, because it regulates housing conditions.","The city must prove that the ordinance has a rational basis, because it impacts economic activity within its jurisdiction.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that there is no substantial relationship between the ordinance and the city's goal of improving housing quality, because it may result in fewer low-income housing options.","The plaintiff must demonstrate that the ordinance is not substantially related to an important state interest, because it requires some owners of rental housing to invest money that they will not be able to recoup from increased rents.","The city must demonstrate that the ordinance is necessary to serve a compelling state interest, because it will have a substantial and disproportionate negative impact on low-income persons."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1084,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The girlfriend's testimony is about the college student's habit of lending his car only after determining that the friend was a careful and attentive driver. Habit evidence is admissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence to show that a person acted in accordance with that habit on a particular occasion.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A college student owns an expensive sports car. His friend called him up one afternoon and asked to borrow his car for a date he had that night. The college student generously lent the car to his friend. On his way home from the date, basking in the memories of a beautiful evening, the friend lost control of the car and hit a pedestrian. As a result of the accident, and after learning that the friend had no money and no insurance, the pedestrian brought suit against the college student to recover for his injuries. He asserted a claim against the college student for negligent entrustment of a vehicle. During his case, the pedestrian introduced evidence that the friend had been in several previous accidents. In his defense, the college student offered the testimony of his girlfriend that the college student frequently lent his car to his friend. The girlfriend further testified that the college student gave his friend permission to use his car only after determining that the friend was a careful and attentive driver. The girlfriend's testimony is","score":0,"choices":["admissible as evidence of the friend's driving skill.","inadmissible, because it's irrelevant to the case.","admissible as a present sense impression.","inadmissible, because it's hearsay.","inadmissible, because it's opinion testimony.","admissible as a past recollection recorded.","admissible as character evidence.","admissible as evidence of habit.","inadmissible, because she is biased.","inadmissible, because it goes to the college student's character."],"correct":"J","answer":"H"}
{"number":1085,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, particularly under the claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED), the plaintiff must show that the defendant's conduct was extreme and outrageous, and that it caused severe emotional distress. The clerk's comment could be considered extreme and outrageous, especially given its humiliating nature and the public setting.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A husband and wife were shopping at a local department store when the wife saw a dress that she especially liked. The wife, who weighed more than 300 pounds, was unable to find a size large enough to fit her. She then saw a store clerk and asked if the store carried the dress in her size. The clerk looked at the wife and said, \"You look like a hippopotamus, and I'm sorry, but we don't carry this dress in the hippo size. \" Another customer in the store overheard the comment and began to laugh. The wife became very upset and hurried out of the store. If the wife asserts a tort action against the department store based upon the clerk's actions, the wife will","score":0,"choices":["win, because the store does not carry clothes in her size.","win, because the clerk's conduct was extreme and outrageous.","win, because the clerk's actions caused her emotional distress.","lose, because the wife did not suffer any physical harm.","lose, because the clerk was merely statingan opinion.","win, because the comment was intended to ridicule and humiliate her.","win, because the statement was overheard byanother customer.","lose, because the comment was not intended to cause harm.","lose, because the wife only suffered hurt feelings.","lose, because the comment was made in a public place."],"correct":"I","answer":"B"}
{"number":1086,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The brothers solicited the housekeeper to commit murder, which constitutes solicitation. They also agreed with the housekeeper to kill their uncle, which constitutes conspiracy to commit murder. The physician's death, although unintended, occurred as a direct result of their plan to murder their uncle, making them liable for felony murder under the doctrine that holds conspirators responsible for any deaths that occur during the commission of a dangerous felony.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Two brothers who were in need of money approached their wealthy uncle's housekeeper and asked her to poison him. The brothers would inherit the uncle's estate when he died. The housekeeper agreed, but on the condition that they would pay her $10,000 from their inheritance. After the brothers agreed to her demand, the housekeeper decided to place some cyanide in the uncle's tea one morning. As the housekeeper was preparing the tea, the uncle was visited by his personal physician. When the housekeeper was ready to serve the tea, the uncle asked her to fix some tea for his physician also. The housekeeper did so and then carefully set the tea on the table so that the uncle's cup was facing him. However, when the physician reached over to get some sugar, he inadvertently took the uncle's cup with the cyanide and drank it. Seconds later, the physician died from the poison. Which of the following crimes are the brothers guilty of?","score":0,"choices":["Solicitation, conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and attempted murder of the physician.","Murder of both their uncle and the physician.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and murder of the physician.","Solicitation, conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and involuntary manslaughter of the physician.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle and the physician.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and murder of the housekeeper.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and attempted murder of the physician.","Solicitation, conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and murder of the physician.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle only.","Conspiracy to commit murder of their uncle, and involuntary manslaughter of the physician."],"correct":"C","answer":"H"}
{"number":1087,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In premises liability cases, a property owner (or operator) can be held liable for injuries that occur due to unsafe conditions on the property if they knew or should have known about the condition and failed to remedy it. The fact that the egg roll was on the floor for a substantial period of time suggests that the chef should have known about it and taken steps to remove it. Therefore, the wife is likely to recover because the egg roll being on the floor for a substantial period of time indicates negligence on the part of the chef in maintaining a safe environment.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A wife and her husband were having dinner at a restaurant when the wife excused herself to go to the bathroom. The restaurant was owned and operated by a chef. As the wife was walking past a table where another customer was seated, she slipped and fell on an egg roll that had been lying on the floor for quite some time, although the chef was unaware that it had fallen onto the floor. When she fell, her head struck a serving tray that was located in the aisle. The fall caused the wife to suffer a severe concussion. The customer knew that the egg roll was on the floor, and although he could have done so, he did not warn the wife. If the wife asserts a claim against the chef for the injuries she suffered from the fall, she will most likely","score":1,"choices":["recover, because the customer was negligent in not warning her about the egg roll.","not recover, because the customer could have prevented the injury by warning the wife of the presences of the egg roll.","recover, because the egg roll was on the floor for a substantial period of time before the accident.","not recover, because she should have been more careful while walking.","recover, because the egg roll on the floor constituted an unsafe condition of the premises.","not recover, because the chef was not directly responsible for the egg roll being on the floor.","not recover, because the chef did not know that the egg roll was on the floor.","not recover, because it is not the chef's responsibility to monitor the floor at all times.","recover, because the serving tray was placed in a dangerous location."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1088,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the situation step by step.\n\n1. On June 1, 2005, the woman sells an undivided one-half interest in the land to the husband and wife as tenants by the entirety. This means that the husband and wife own this half of the property together, and neither can sell their interest without the consent of the other.\n\n2. On June 1, 2006, the woman sells her remaining interest (the other half) to the husband and his brother as joint tenants. This means that they each own an undivided half of this remaining interest with rights of survivorship.\n\n3. The husband then conveys all his right, title, and interest under both deeds to his cousin. This means that:\n   - The cousin now owns the husband's interest in the tenancy by the entirety with his wife.\n   - The cousin also owns the husband's joint tenancy interest with his brother.\n\n4. When the husband dies:\n   - The tenancy by the entirety with his wife is terminated, and it converts to a tenancy in common between the wife and cousin (each owning an undivided one-half interest in that half of the property).\n   - The joint tenancy between the husband and his brother is severed upon his death, leaving the brother as sole owner of that half.\n\n5. When the brother dies:\n   - His interest would pass according to his will or state intestacy laws since there is no indication he had a survivorship agreement with anyone else.\n\nTherefore, after both deaths:\n- The cousin owns an undivided one-half interest from what was originally held as tenants by entirety.\n- The other half that was held as joint tenants would be inherited by someone else (not specified here), so it does not go to the cousin.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman owns a tract of land located in a state in the Midwest. On June 1, 2005, the woman sells to a husband and wife an undivided one-half interest in this land for $100,000 (the entire consideration being paid by the husband). The deed to the husband and wife reads as follows: \"To (husband) and (wife) and their heirs as tenants by the entirety, and not as joint tenants, and not as tenants in common. \"On June 1, 2006, the woman sells her remaining interest in the tract of land to the husband and his brother for $125,000 (the husband pays $80,000 of the purchase price, and the brother pays the balance). The deed to the husband and the brother provides: \"To (the husband) and (the brother) and their heirs as joint tenants and not as tenants in common. \"The husband conveys to his cousin all his right, title, and interest under the two deeds from the woman. The husband then dies. The brother then dies. The cousin is thus the owner of","score":1,"choices":["an undivided one-fifth interest in the land.","an undivided one-quarter interest in the land.","no interest in the land.","an undivided two-thirds interest in the land.","an undivided three-fifths interest in the land.","an undivided one-sixth interest in the land.","the entire interest in the land.","an undivided one-third interest in the land.","an undivided three-quarters interest in the land."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1089,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. The President does have broad powers to issue executive orders, especially in matters concerning public health and safety. However, the regulation of drugs typically falls under the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which is part of the executive branch but operates under specific statutory authority granted by Congress. The President's power to regulate interstate commerce is limited and typically requires legislative backing.\n\nGiven these considerations, the most accurate answer is that the President does not have unilateral power to regulate interstate commerce without congressional authorization, making the executive order invalid on those grounds.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A company created a drug to lower high blood pressure. The President issues an executive order prohibiting the shipment and sale of the drug within the United States. Under this executive order, federal agents are empowered to prosecute all interstate shippers and sellers of the drug. The President claims that he is acting upon conclusive evidence that the drug causes cervical cancer in laboratory monkeys. This executive order is","score":1,"choices":["invalid, because it is an infringement on the powers of the Food and Drug Administration.","valid, because the President can make decisions based on potential risks to public health.","valid, because the President has the authority to ensure that laws are faithfully executed.","invalid, because the President does not have the power to regulate interstate commerce.","invalid, because the President cannot base decisions on unproven scientific evidence.","valid, because the President has the authority to regulate potentially harmful substances.","valid, because the President has the authority to protect public health.","valid, because the President has the authority to impose economic regulations unless overruled by Congress.","invalid, because it infringes on the rights of the pharmaceutical company."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1090,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In real estate transactions, it is typically the responsibility of the buyer to conduct a title search to ensure that the property is free of any liens or encumbrances. A bona fide purchaser who fails to perform a title search assumes the risk associated with any existing liens or mortgages on the property. Courts generally uphold this principle, meaning that the purchaser cannot compel the seller to pay off an outstanding mortgage if they failed to conduct due diligence.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Four people own a property, and they agree to convey to an adult child of one of them. There is a purchasemoney mortgage on the property for which the four signed a promissory note as security. The loan was not satisfied at the time of the conveyance. The conveyance is a deed in fee simple to the adult child. The adult child then takes over the mortgage payments. The adult child stops making the payments and conveys the property to a bona fide purchaser who does not do a title search. The purchaser sues his grantor to get an order compelling him to pay the mortgage and remove the lien from his property. Will the court more than likely grant the motion to dismiss made by the defendants?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, that is the risk the purchaser took; he cannot go to closing without a title search and a title company making arrangements for payment of the outstanding mortgage by the seller at closing.","Yes, but the court will also issue an order for the original four owners to pay a portion of the outstanding mortgage.","No, the court will order the purchaser to resume payments on the mortgage and to obtain a loan to pay it off within a reasonable time.","No, the court will order the bona fide purchaser to pay the outstanding mortgage.","Yes, because the court can only force the original four owners to clear the mortgage by paying it in full.","Yes, the court will dismiss the case because the purchaser did not conduct a title search before buying the property.","No, the court will order the adult child to resume paying on the mortgage and to obtain a loan to pay it off within a reasonable time.","No, the court will order the original four owners to come into court and defend on behalf of the adult child, who has no legal responsibility for the mortgage.","No, the court will order the adult child and the original four owners to equally share the remaining mortgage payments.","Yes, because the court can only force the adult child to clear the mortgage by paying it in full."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1091,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law and tort law for help. The city had a valid easement for the sewer line, which means they had the legal right to install and maintain it. However, the buyer's action is based on the damage caused by the crack in the sewer line. Since governmental immunity has been abolished, the city can be held liable for negligence. The key issue here is whether the city negligently maintained the sewer line, leading to the crack and subsequent damage.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The city installed a sewer line across a residential subdivision. The city acquired a valid easement for construction of the sewer from the development company that owned the subdivision. One year later a buyer purchased a house within the subdivision. Unknown to the buyer, the sewer line ran across his property, approximately 10 feet beneath the foundation of his home. The deed that the buyer received from the grantor, the development company, made no mention of the easement. Ten years after the buyer purchased his house, a crack in the sewer line caused water to leak into the buyer's basement. The flooding resulted in extensive damage to his home. The city has abolished governmental immunity. In an appropriate action by the buyer against the city to recover damages, the plaintiff will probably","score":1,"choices":["prevail, only if the sewer line was negligently maintained.","prevail, because the city has abolished governmental immunity.","prevail, because the city failed to disclose the presence of the sewer line.","prevail, only if the city was aware of the crack in the sewer line.","not prevail, because the damage was not foreseeable.","not prevail, because the sewer line was installed before the buyer purchased the property.","prevail, because under the circumstances, the sewer line constituted a public nuisance.","not prevail, because the deed did not mention the easement.","not prevail, because the city had acquired a valid easement for the sewer line.","not prevail, because the easement was acquired legally."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1092,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination protects individuals from being compelled to testify against themselves. However, this privilege does not generally extend to the production of business records, as these records are typically considered non-testimonial in nature. The Supreme Court has ruled that the act of producing documents can be testimonial if it implicitly communicates statements of fact, but business records themselves are not protected by the Fifth Amendment.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"During a federal grand jury investigation into money laundering, a man's business and tax records were subpoenaed by the government. The man invokes his Fifth Amendment privilege against self- incrimination to prevent production of the records in his possession. The court would most likely","score":1,"choices":["permit the man to exercise his Fifth Amendment privilege, since such records may have the same incriminating effect as testimony.","allow the man to avoid producing the records if he pleads guilty","require the man to submit a written statement instead of producing the records","suppress the records because they were obtained without a search warrant","dismiss the case because the man invoked his Fifth Amendment rights","admit the records under the business records exception to the hearsay rule.","compel production of the records, because the Fifth Amendment is inapplicable.","order a preliminary hearing to determine if the man has grounds to invoke the Fifth Amendment.","reject the records because they are irrelevant to the case","order a recess to allow the man time to consult with his attorney about the Fifth Amendment"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1093,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The testimony about the parrot's statement is hearsay, as it is an out-of-court statement being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (that George was the killer). However, none of the options directly address hearsay. The best objection among the given choices would be that it is speculative because the witness cannot confirm the parrot's understanding or intent behind repeating \"George don't.\" This makes it unreliable and speculative.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"George was charged with the murder of a well- known criminal. The victim was found shot to death in his car. The only witness to the shooting was the victim's pet parrot, which was found hovering over the victim's body repeating over and over, \"George don't. . . George don't. \"To prove the identity of the victim's killer, the prosecution has a witness testify that about the time of the murder, he was in the area and heard the victim's parrot calling George's name. The best objection to the testimony is that it is","score":0,"choices":["leading the witness.","privileged communication.","speculative.","opinion testimony.","character evidence.","irrelevant.","an assertion by the witness.","self-serving.","circumstantial evidence."],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":1094,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Dead Man's Statute generally prohibits interested parties from testifying about communications or transactions with the deceased to prevent fraudulent claims. However, the sister-in-law is not an interested party in this case, and her testimony is about authenticating handwriting, not about a direct transaction or communication with the deceased. Therefore, the Dead Man's Statute would not apply here. Additionally, an authenticating witness need not be an expert if familiar with the handwriting of the person in question.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A nephew brings an action against the administrator of his uncle's estate based upon a contract for services rendered in the management of his uncle's property. In order to rebut the presumption that the services rendered were gratuitous, since the nephew was a relative of his uncle, the nephew called his sister-in-law as a witness. Assume that this jurisdiction has a relevant Dead Man's Statute in effect. The sister-in-law testified that she had lived in the nephew's house, knew his uncle, and that she was familiar with the uncle's handwriting. The nephew's attorney asked her to look at a letter and to tell the court whether it was written by the uncle. Upon objection by the attorney for the administrator of the estate, the trial judge would most likely","score":1,"choices":["overrule the objection, because an authenticating witness need not be an expert if familiar with the handwriting of the person in question.","sustain the objection, because the letter was not previously disclosed to the court.","sustain the objection, because the sister-in-law's testimony could be biased in favor of the nephew.","sustain the objection, because the sister-in-law is not a handwriting expert.","overrule the objection, because the letter can be considered as a document affecting the disposition of property.","sustain the objection, because the sister-in-law is not an immediate family member.","overrule the objection, because the Dead Man's Statute does not apply to written evidence.","overrule the objection, because the letter qualifies as a past recollection recorded, an exception to the hearsay rule.","overrule the objection, because the sister-in-law is a reliable witness due to her relationship with the nephew.","sustain the objection, because of the Dead Man's Statute."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1095,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The key issue here is whether the buyer can be held liable for the injuries caused by the manufacturing defect in the van's brakes. The woman (plaintiff) presented evidence through an engineering expert that a manufacturing defect caused the brake failure, which led to the accident.\n\nStrict liability applies in cases where a defective product causes injury, and it does not require proof of negligence on the part of the user or consumer. In this case, the buyer is not strictly liable for the manufacturing defect because he did not manufacture or sell the van; he merely purchased it.\n\nThe correct approach is to determine whether there was any negligence on the part of the buyer. Since there is no evidence presented that the buyer was negligent (e.g., failing to maintain the brakes properly), a motion to dismiss should be granted.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A buyer purchased a new van from a car dealer. Two weeks later, the buyer was driving to work when the brakes suddenly failed. The buyer tried to stop the van for a red light, but the brakes failed to operate. As a consequence, the buyer drove through the red light and collided with a car driven by a woman. Subsequently, the woman asserted a claim against the buyer to recover for the injuries she suffered in the accident. At trial, the only evidence offered by the plaintiff concerning the cause of the accident was the testimony of an engineering expert. He testified that a manufacturing defect had caused the brakes to suddenly fail. Based on the facts stated above, a motion by the buyer to dismiss at the end of the woman's case should be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the buyer should have noticed the defect within two weeks of purchasing the van.","denied, because the buyer is strictly liable for injuries caused by a manufacturing defect in an auto that he had purchased.","granted, because the woman was neither the user nor the consumer of the defective product.","granted, because the woman presented no evidence that the buyer was negligent.","granted, because the buyer was not responsible for the manufacturing defect.","granted, because the woman failed to prove the buyer had knowledge of the defect.","denied, because the buyer had a non-delegable duty to maintain the brakes in a safe condition.","denied, because the buyer should have performed a thorough check of the van after purchase.","granted, because the woman did not present evidence that the accident was directly caused by the brake failure.","denied, because the buyer did not return the van upon noticing the brake issue."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1096,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The issue at hand involves the constitutionality of a statute enacted by Congress and the subsequent regulations issued by the Treasury Department. Given that the statute and regulations are related to foreign policy and national security, these areas typically fall under the purview of Congress's war powers and the executive branch's authority in foreign affairs. Courts often refrain from adjudicating such matters as they are considered nonjusticiable political questions, meaning they are more appropriately addressed by the legislative and executive branches rather than the judiciary.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Congress enacted a statute aimed at \"countries assisting or furnishing aid or support to nations or movements engaged in hostilities with the United States. \" Section 5 of that act authorized and directed the Treasury Department \"to issue orders barring entry into the United States any category of goods the sale of which in the United States is likely to improve the economic or balance of payments posture of an assisting country. \" The Secretary of State was authorized by Section 6 to define \"assisting countries. \" Pursuant to Section 5, the Treasury Department issued a regulation, which provided in part that:\"Imports of the following categories of goods from assisting countries are hereby prohibited: Â€Â¢ . (c) Bulk shipments for resale within the United States of books, pamphlets, flags, decorations or other symbols, excepting, however, scientific, technical, and literary works intended for scholarly purpose. . . \"The State Department designated a foreign country, as an \"assisting country,\" on the basis of its determination that medical supplies collected by public donation in this country had been sent to another country currently engaged in hostilities with the United States. As a consequence, the Treasury Department issued an order barring practically all products and goods from this foreign country into the United States. A distributor of state and foreign flags, has had a lucrative contract with the foreign country for the importation and sale of their flags in the United States. However, because of the Treasury Department's order, the foreign country is now barred from importing any of its flags into the United States. In an appropriate federal court, the distributor brings a suit against the Secretary of State and the Treasury Department to set aside the order barring the foreign country's imports on the grounds that it is inconsistent with the principles of our constitutional form of government. Which of the following is the most proper disposition of the distributor's suit by the federal court?","score":1,"choices":["Suit dismissed, because it presents a nonjusticiable political question.","Suit dismissed, because it presents a moot issue.","Suit dismissed, because there is no adversity between the distributor and the defendants.","Suit upheld, because the act violates the distributor's First Amendment rights.","Suit dismissed, because the distributor has not been directly harmed by the act.","Suit dismissed, because the act is constitutional under the war powers of Congress.","Suit dismissed, because the distributor cannot challenge a foreign policy decision.","Suit upheld, because the act is an overreach of the Treasury Department's authority.","Suit upheld, because the act is not narrowly tailored to achieve its purpose.","Suit dismissed, because the distributor does not have standing to bring this action."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1097,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but there are exceptions to the warrant requirement. One such exception is a search incident to a lawful arrest, which allows officers to search the arrestee and the area within their immediate control to ensure officer safety and prevent the destruction of evidence. However, in Arizona v. Gant (2009), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that police may only search a vehicle incident to a recent occupant's arrest if it is reasonable to believe that the arrestee might access the vehicle at the time of the search or that the vehicle contains evidence of the offense of arrest.\n\nIn this case, since the driver was already secured in the squad car and there was no reason to believe that evidence related to driving with a suspended license would be found in the car, it is likely that the trial court will grant the suppression motion based on an unreasonable, warrantless search.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A highway patrol officer stopped a driver for speeding and found that her license was suspended. He arrested her for driving while under suspension and secured her in the rear seat of the squad car. He then searched the car where he found several bags of cocaine inside a coat that was setting on the rear seat; he arrested her for possession and possession with intent to deliver cocaine. Prior to trial, the driver moved for suppression of the cocaine. Is it likely that the trial court will grant the suppression motion?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, it must be suppressed because this was an unreasonable, warrantless search.","No, the motion will be denied because the initial traffic stop was legal and everything that flowed therefrom was a reasonable step to search for crime.","No, the motion will be denied because the search was permissible as incident to a proper arrest.","Yes, the motion will be granted because a search of a vehicle requires a search warrant unless there are exceptional exigent circumstances.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the officer did not have probable cause to search the car.","No, the motion will be denied because the officer had the right to search the car for his own safety.","No, the motion will be denied because the officer had probable cause to search the car due to the driver's suspended license.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the officer did not see the cocaine in plain view before searching the car.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the officer did not have the driver's consent to search the car."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1099,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on corporate law for help. When a proposal affects the rights of preferred shareholders, their vote is typically required even if they are nonvoting in other matters. In this case, the proposal affects the liquidation preference of the preferred stockholders, so their vote is necessary. The proposal needs a majority of each class to pass.\n\nThe common stock had 700 out of 1,000 shares voting in favor, which is a majority. However, only 400 out of 1,000 preferred shares voted in favor, which is not a majority.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Rainbow Corporation has outstanding 1,000 shares of voting common stock and 1,000 shares of nonvoting preferred. The preferred has a liquidation preference equal to its par value of $100 per share plus a 3 percent noncumulative dividend. Rainbow submits to its stockholders a proposal to authorize a new class of preferred stock with redemption rights that would come ahead of the old preferred stock. At a shareholders' meeting, 700 common and 400 preferred vote in favor of the proposal. Which of the following statements is correct?","score":1,"choices":["The proposal is invalidly approved because a unanimous vote from both classes is required.","The proposal is validly approved because the nonvoting preferred stock does not count towards the vote.","The proposal is invalidly approved because a two-thirds vote of each class is required.","The vote of the preferred stockholders does not matter because it was nonvoting stock.","The proposal is validly approved because the common shareholders have the majority vote.","The vote of the preferred stockholders does not matter because the proposal affects the common stock.","The proposal is validly approved because the preferred stockholders who voted in favor have a liquidation preference.","The proposal is invalidly approved because a majority of the outstanding shares did not approve.","The proposal is invalidly approved because a majority of the preferred shareholders did not approve.","The proposal is validly approved because overall a majority of the outstanding shares did approve."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1100,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. For assault with intent to kill, the defendant's intent is crucial. If the defendant honestly believed the gun was unloaded, this could negate the specific intent required for assault with intent to kill, regardless of whether the belief was reasonable or unreasonable. However, for battery, which is a general intent crime, the mistake must be reasonable to serve as a defense. Therefore, the defendant's honest but unreasonable mistake would not be a valid defense for battery.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant was playing cards with a group of friends at their weekly poker game. Earlier in the evening, one of the players handed the defendant a gun and told him it was unloaded. As a joke, the defendant pointed the gun at one of his friends and pulled the trigger. Unknown to the defendant, the gun was loaded and it discharged. The bullet grazed the friend's shoulder, slightly wounding him. The defendant was charged with assault with intent to kill. In this jurisdiction, battery is a lesser included offense of assault. At trial, the defendant requested that the court instruct the jury that if his mistake was honest, whether reasonable or unreasonable, it would be a valid defense to assault and the lesser included offense of battery. Conversely, the prosecution wanted the court to instruct the jury that in order for the defendant's mistake to be a valid defense for either crime, it must be reasonable. Regarding the jury instructions, which of the following statements is most accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The prosecution is correct with respect to battery, but neither the defendant nor the prosecution is correct with respect to assault.","The defendant is correct with respect to both the battery and assault charges.","Neither the defendant nor the prosecution is correct.","The defendant is correct with respect to assault, and the prosecution is correct with respect to battery.","The defendant is correct with respect to assault, but neither the defendant nor the prosecution is correct with respect to battery.","The defendant is correct with respect to battery, but neither the defendant nor the prosecution is correct with respect to assault.","The defendant and the prosecution are both partially correct with respect to assault and battery.","The defendant is correct with respect to battery, and the prosecution is correct with respect to assault.","The prosecution is correct with respect to both the battery and assault charges.","The prosecution is correct with respect to assault, but neither the defendant nor the prosecution is correct with respect to battery."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1101,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The sidewalk surrounding the capitol building is generally considered a public forum, where individuals have a right to free speech and assembly. Any restriction on speech in a public forum must be narrowly tailored to serve a substantial government interest and leave open ample alternative channels for communication. The prohibition against the display of signs is likely not narrowly tailored, as it completely bans an important form of expression without considering less restrictive means.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"To preserve the appearance and accessibility of its capitol building, a state enacted a law prohibiting \"the display of any sign on any portion of the public sidewalk surrounding\" the building. A group of five demonstrators who wanted to protest inadequate state funding for children's services applied for a permit to march single file on the sidewalk surrounding the capitol building. Each demonstrator planned to carry a two-foot-square sign that would read, \"Our lawmakers do not care about our children.\" The group's permit application was denied pursuant to the state law, and the group has filed an action challenging the law's constitutionality. Should the court uphold the law's constitutionality?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the prohibition against the display of signs is necessary to maintain the aesthetic appeal of the capitol building.","No, because the prohibition violates the demonstrators' right to peaceful protest.","Yes, because the prohibition against the display of signs is a reasonable restriction in a non-public forum.","No, because the prohibition against the display of signs is not narrowly tailored to serve a compelling government interest.","No, because the sidewalk at issue is a public forum, and the prohibition against the display of signs is not narrowly tailored to serve a substantial government interest.","Yes, because the sidewalk at issue is not a public forum, and the prohibition against the display of signs is reasonable.","No, because even though the sidewalk at issue is not a public forum, the prohibition against the display of signs is more restrictive than needed to serve a legitimate government interest. government interest.","No, because the prohibition against the display of signs is a violation of the demonstrators' freedom of speech.","Yes, because even though the sidewalk at issue is a public forum, the prohibition against the display of signs is necessary to serve a compelling public interest.","Yes, because the sidewalk around the capitol building is private property, and the prohibition against the display of signs is a reasonable restriction."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1102,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The attorney-client privilege protects confidential communications between a client and their attorney made for the purpose of obtaining legal advice. In this scenario, the wife shared information with the husband's attorney during a joint consultation, which should be considered privileged communication. Even though the wife shared the information privately, it was still within the context of seeking legal advice from the attorney who was initially consulted by both parties.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A husband and his wife are involved in a contested divorce and child custody battle. Ignorant of the adversarial system, they both visited a family law attorney together for an initial consultation. The attorney advised them that he could not represent them both. The wife found another attorney. During the trial, the wife's attorney calls the wife to testify. She states that during the initial consultation she and her husband had with his attorney, she privately told the attorney, when her husband was taking a bathroom break, that her husband had a bad drinking problem, which was one of her major reasons for seeking a divorce and custody of the children. Upon objection by the husband's attorney, the wife's testimony should be","score":0,"choices":["admitted, because the spousal privilege is inapplicable, since the parties are living in separation.","excluded, because the wife cannot testify about confidential information she shared with the husband's attorney.","admitted, because the attorney-client privilege was waived when the wife shared information in the husband's absence.","admitted, because the wife's testimony is considered direct evidence, not privileged communication.","excluded, because the wife is incompetent to testify to marital communications because she is not the holder of the privilege.","excluded, because the wife's testimony can be considered hearsay.","admitted, because the information is crucial to the case and overrides any privilege.","admitted, because the marital communication privilege is inapplicable in a lawsuit involving the parties.","excluded, because confidential statements made during a joint consultation are privileged communications between clients and their attorneys."],"correct":"H","answer":"I"}
{"number":1103,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on hearsay for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless an exception applies. The building owner's statement about what the janitor told him is hearsay. For it to be admissible, it must fall under a recognized exception to the hearsay rule.\n\nThe options provided include various exceptions to the hearsay rule, but none seem to fit perfectly. The janitor's statement does not qualify as a recorded recollection, a statement made for medical diagnosis or treatment, a spontaneous declaration, or a statement of then-existing mental, emotional, or physical condition. \n\nThe most relevant option is that it is hearsay within hearsay (double hearsay), and no applicable exceptions are mentioned that would allow for both layers of hearsay to be admissible.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A dance student worked very hard to strengthen her legs, including performing additional activities such as leaping and bounding up multiple flights of stairs in her apartment building. While she was performing her exercises, one of the janitors in the building warned her that \"she was bound to get hurt if she keeps it up, because there are problems with the floor.\" After falling and breaking a leg due to a loose floorboard, she brought suit against the building owner. The building owner wants to testify that: \"The janitor told me 'I told her that running too fast is dangerous and she was bound to get hurt.' \". Is the building owner's statement likely to be held admissible?","score":1,"choices":["No, because it is hearsay, the janitor's statement is not a public record.","Yes, because it is an exception to hearsay as a recorded recollection.","Yes, because it is an exception to hearsay as a statement made for medical diagnosis or treatment.","Yes, because it is as an exception to hearsay as a spontaneous declaration to an opponent-party.","No, because it is hearsay and the building owner is not a credible source.","Yes, because it is an exception to hearsay as a statement of then-existing mental, emotional, or physical condition.","No, because it is hearsay within hearsay, and there are no hearsay exceptions that apply.","Yes, because the building owner can testify and be questioned about what the janitor told him.","No, because it is irrelevant and immaterial.","No, because it is hearsay and there are no exceptions that would allow for the janitor's statement to be admissible."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1104,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Dead Man's Statute generally prohibits parties with an interest in the litigation from testifying about communications or transactions with a deceased person, to prevent fraudulent claims. Here, the gardener's friend, who translated the agreement, is deceased. The gardener's testimony about what his friend communicated would be considered hearsay and would not fall under an exception typically allowed by the Dead Man's Statute.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A gardener sued a homeowner for breach of contract. The gardener claims that the homeowner hired him to perform landscape work at his home. After performing the gardening services, the homeowner paid him $100. The gardener, who speaks only English, contends that the homeowner, who speaks only Japanese, originally agreed to pay him $200 for the work. When the parties entered into their agreement, the gardener was accompanied by his friend, who is now deceased, who spoke both English and Japanese. This jurisdiction has a typical Dead Man's Statute in effect. At trial, the gardener now seeks to testify to the terms of his agreement with the homeowner as communicated to him by his friend. Upon objection by the homeowner's attorney, the gardener's proposed testimony is","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, as it is hearsay and not an exception under the Dead Man's Statute.","inadmissible, because the gardener did not have a translator present during the agreement.","admissible, as it is relevant to the case and not excluded by the Dead Man's Statute.","admissible as non-hearsay to corroborate evidence of a verbal act.","inadmissible, because the friend was not an official translator.","admissible, because it is a statement of a deceased person.","admissible as an admission by a party-opponent.","inadmissible, unless it is established that the gardener accepted the friend as the homeowner's agent in communicating the terms of the contract.","admissible, as it is a statement made during the course of employment."],"correct":"H","answer":"A"}
{"number":1105,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The customer's answer was based on what his girlfriend told him, which is hearsay and generally not admissible unless it falls under an exception. However, the customer's answer was directly elicited by the supermarket's attorney's question during cross-examination. This means the attorney \"invited\" the response by asking a question that led to the hearsay statement.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A supermarket had just reopened after a two- week closing for renovations. On the morning of the reopening, a woman was shopping when she suddenly fell and suffered a broken leg. Thereafter, the woman sued the supermarket for personal injuries. In her suit, the woman claimed that she tripped over a paint bucket that had been lying in one of the aisles. At trial, the woman called another customer to testify that while he was shopping he heard a thud, turned around and saw the woman fall on the floor. He also testified that he saw an empty paint bucket lying a few feet from the woman's leg. On cross- examination, the customer got into an argumentative exchange with the supermarket's attorney. When asked his opinion of what caused the woman's fall, the customer testified, \"She fell because she tripped on the bucket. \" He admitted on cross-examination, however, that he didn't actually see the woman trip on the bucket. The supermarket's attorney then asked the customer the following question:\"If you didn't see the woman trip on the bucket, how do you know that she fell because of it?\" The customer answered, \"Because my girlfriend who was shopping with me told me later that she saw the woman trip over the bucket. \"The supermarket's attorney moves to strike the customer's last answer. If the trial judge overrules the defendant's motion and permits the customer's answer to stand, it will most likely be because","score":1,"choices":["the customer's answer was based on a reliable source.","the customer's answer was invited by the supermarket's attorney's question.","the customer's answer was a lay opinion.","the customer's answer was an excited utterance.","the customer's answer was a statement of recent perception.","the customer's answer was based on firsthand knowledge.","the customer's answer was a present sense impression.","the customer's answer was a spontaneous statement.","the customer's answer was relevant to the case."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1106,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement appurtenant is a right attached to the land that allows the owner of one parcel to use another's land for a specific purpose. This easement was created and properly recorded, meaning it runs with the land and is not dependent on actual use. When the farmer acquired both the farm and the orchard, the easement was temporarily extinguished by merger because one cannot have an easement over their own land. However, when the farmer sold the orchard to the investor, the easement should have been revived because it benefits the orchard and burdens the farm.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A farm and an orchard are adjoining tracts of land located in a county. In 2006, a farmer purchased the farm, a 10-acre tract, in fee simple absolute. The orchard, a 20-acre tract situated to the north of the farm, was owned by a rancher in fee simple absolute. A remote predecessor of the farmer had granted to a shepherd a way for egress and ingress across the farm under such terms and circumstances that an easement appurtenant to the orchard was created. This right-of-way was executed by deed and properly recorded. The shepherd, however, never made any actual use of the right-of-way. In 2010, the rancher conveyed the orchard to the farmer. The next year, the farmer conveyed the orchard by deed to an investor for a consideration of $250,000, receipt of which was acknowledged. Neither the rancher Â€Â”farmer deed nor the farmer Â€Â” investor deed contained any reference to the easement for right-of-way. The investor has now claimed that she has a right-of-way across the farm. The farmer, on the other hand, has informed the investor that no such easement exists. Assume that both the farm and the orchard abut a public highway and that ingress and egress are afforded the investor by that highway. In an appropriate action by the investor to determine her right to use the right-of-way across the farm, she should","score":1,"choices":["win, because the farmer had constructive notice of the easement.","lose, because the right-of-way was abandoned inasmuch as there never was any actual use made.","lose, because the easement was extinguished by merger when the farmer acquired the orchard from the rancher.","lose, because the easement was not in use at the time of the sale to the investor.","lose, because the investor has reasonable access to the public highway without using the right-of-way.","win, because the investor has a right to access all parts of her property.","lose, because the easement was not specifically mentioned in the deed between the farmer and the investor.","win, because the right-of-way was never officially terminated.","win, because the investor acquired an easement by implication.","win, because the original deed clearly states the existence of the right-of-way."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1107,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The key issue here is the retroactive application of the statute and its impact on the trooper's pension benefits. If the state's highest court has already held the statute constitutional, the trooper's best chance would be to challenge the underlying conviction or show that it was invalidated. If his conviction was overturned on appeal, then the basis for discontinuing his pension would no longer exist.\nAnswer: G","question":"A state trooper was convicted in federal court in 2008 of taking bribes. He was sentenced to probation. He had served as a state trooper since 1978, and in 1998, he became fully qualified for his pension upon retirement. In 2006, the trooper retired and immediately started receiving monthly state pension checks. In 2009, the governor of the state signed into law a statute, which provided in part:\"Section 8. Any member of the state law enforcement staff. . . who is convicted of. . . briberyshall not be entitled to receive any retirement or other benefit or payment of any kind from the stateSuch conviction shall be considered a breach of the staff member's employment contractSection 12. The provisions of this Act shall be retroactive to December 31, 1975. Section 14. This Act shall take effect immediately. \"Following the enactment of the statute, the state trooper received a letter from the state which stated that pursuant to the statute, the state is immediately discontinuing pension benefit payments to you on account of your 2008 bribery conviction. \"The trooper contacted an attorney, who challenged the discontinuance of benefits on the grounds that the new law was unconstitutional. Assume that the state's highest court holds the statute constitutional. The trooper might still be able to eventually have his pension reinstated if","score":0,"choices":["he can prove that the bribe was unrelated to his duties as a state trooper.","he can show that he was convicted before the effective date of thestatute.","he can prove that the statute is being applied selectively and discriminately.","he can show that the discontinuance of benefits is a form of double jeopardy.","he receives a presidential pardon for his bribery offense.","he can demonstrate that the statute unfairly targets retired law enforcement officials.","he can demonstrate that his conviction was overturned on appeal.","he exercises his constitutional right to discretionary review in the U. S. Supreme Court.","he can show that the statute violates the dormant commerce clause."],"correct":"E","answer":"G"}
{"number":1108,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The identification process in this scenario is highly suggestive and unreliable due to the circumstances under which the victim identified the defendant. The defendant was in jail clothing, restrained, and being escorted through the courthouse, which could have influenced the victim's identification. Courts generally exclude such identifications because they are not reliable enough and there is a high risk of misidentification.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"An elderly woman was mugged and robbed on a public street. At the time of the offense, the victim only saw her assailant's eyes. A hooded sweatshirt and bandana concealed the rest of his face. A few days later, while the victim waited to be interviewed, she observed the defendant being escorted through the courthouse, in jail clothing, and restrained by handcuffs and leg irons. She identified him as the perpetrator shortly thereafter. Will the court allow that identification into evidence?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the defendant was restrained which could have influenced the victim's identification.","Yes, the identification is allowed into evidence regardless of the circumstances.","Yes, because the victim had a few days to recall the perpetrator's eyes.","Yes, because the witness' recognition of someone is all that is needed; the reliability or credibility of it is subject to cross examination.","No, because prior statements of identification are considered hearsay and never allowed into evidence.","Yes, if the witness perceived the perpetrator by seeing his eyes, and made the identification on that basis it was reliable enough to be admitted.","No, because it is not reliable enough and there was too much suggestion to make a reasonably accurate identification.","Yes, because the defendant was in jail clothing, which suggests he is the perpetrator.","No, because the victim was under stress at the time of the offense, which could have affected her identification.","No, because the victim should have identified the perpetrator immediately after the offense."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1109,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The doctrine of res ipsa loquitur allows a plaintiff to establish negligence when the nature of the accident is such that it would not ordinarily occur without negligence, and the instrumentality causing the injury was under the control of the defendant. In this case, automatic doors closing on a patient's foot would not ordinarily occur without some form of negligence, and the hospital had control over the maintenance and operation of the doors.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A patient in a hospital was placed in a wheelchair with his broken leg extended straight out in front of him. As a nurse employed by the hospital was pushing the wheelchair through a set of automatic doors at a normal pace, the doors closed on the patient's foot, injuring it. The nurse attempted to pull the wheelchair back through the doors. This action caused the doors to close more tightly on the patient's foot, injuring it further. The patient sued the hospital, alleging improper maintenance of the doors. The patient has produced no evidence of specific conduct or neglect on the part of the hospital that would have caused the automatic doors to malfunction. The hospital has moved for summary judgment. Should the court grant the hospital's motion?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the patient has not provided any evidence to prove that the hospital was responsible for the malfunctioning doors.","No, because the hospital has a duty to ensure the safety of all its patients and failed to do so in this case.","Yes, because the hospital was not aware of any defects in the doors.","Yes, because proof of an accident, by itself, does not establish that an injured person was a victim of negligence.","Yes, because the nurse's action was a superseding cause of the injury. Â€Âƒ","No, because a jury could find that there was a latent defect in the doors.","No, because a jury could find the hospital liable for negligence based on res ipsa loquitur."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1110,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 404(a) generally prohibits the use of character evidence to prove that a person acted in accordance with that character or trait on a particular occasion, with some exceptions primarily applicable in criminal cases. In civil cases, such as this one, these exceptions are very limited and do not apply here. Therefore, the trial court's exclusion of the character evidence is likely to be affirmed on appeal.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An insured business owner stored valuable property in an insured warehouse owned by the business. During night time hours, when there were no employees in the warehouse, the building and its contents burned to the ground by a raging fire. The fire department ruled that the fire had an incendiary origin. The fire report, however, did not identify a perpetrator. The insurer responded by rejecting coverage and accusing the business owner of starting the fire. The business owner sued the insurance company in federal court for the policy proceeds to cover its property damages claim. At the trial on the business owner's civil claim for insurance coverage, the owner attempted to put several persons on the stand to testify to the owner's good character, which was submitted as proof that the owner did not commit the arson. The trial court ruled that the character evidence would be excluded because it was inadmissible character testimony under Fed.R.Evid. 404(a). On appeal, will the fedeal appellate court likely affim the trial court's order?","score":0,"choices":["No, because a business owner has a constitutional right to present and admit character evidence.","No, because the business owner has a right to defend his character in court.","Yes, because the facts do not apply to any of the several exceptions available in a civil case.","Yes, because the trial court has discretion to exclude character evidence.","Yes, because character evidence is not relevant to the facts of the case.","No, because evidence of good character is always admissible in court.","Yes, because the insurance company has a right to accuse the owner without proof of their claim.","No, because Rule 404(b) permits the use of such evidence to show relevant prior bad acts.","Yes, because Rule 404(a) is firm in not allowing for character evidence in a civil trial.","No, because Rule 404(a) allows character evidence in cases of arson."],"correct":"I","answer":"C"}
{"number":1111,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In cross-examination, leading questions are generally allowed. A leading question suggests the answer within the question itself. The question \"At any time during the assault did anyone attempt to leave?\" is a leading question because it suggests that someone might have attempted to leave during the assault. However, leading questions are permissible in cross-examination to challenge the credibility of the witness or to clarify points.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A plaintiff filed a civil action asking for damages resulting from a tortious assault that the defendant inflicted on him. During trial, plaintiff's counsel asked an opposing witness on cross examination: \"At any time during the assault did anyone attempt to leave?\" Defense counsel objected to the question. How will the court rule on the objection?","score":0,"choices":["The objection will be sustained because the question is misleading.","The objection will be overruled because the question is relevant to the case.","The objection will be overruled because leading questions are allowed on cross examination.","The objection will be sustained because the question is argumentative.","The objection will be overruled because the question is not leading or misleading.","The objection will be sustained because the question is irrelevant.","The objection will be overruled because leading questions are permitted in this context.","The objection will be sustained because the question assumes facts not in evidence.","The objection will be sustained because the question is leading.","The objection will be overruled because the question is within the allowable scope of cross examination."],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1112,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The use of deadly force is generally only justified in self-defense if the person reasonably believes that they are in imminent danger of death or serious bodily harm. In this scenario, the homeowner thought he saw a gun and believed he was in danger. However, the thief was leaving with the chickens, which means the immediate threat to the homeowner's life may not have been present. Therefore, using deadly force might be considered excessive.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A homeowner awoke one night and observed a thief stealing chickens from his backyard chicken coop. He thought he saw a gun but could not tell for sure. While the thief was exiting with a sack of chickens, the homeowner got his hunting rifle and shot him dead. The authorities charged the homeowner with homicide. At the trial, he defended on the basis that he was in fear for his safety, and was legally authorized to use deadly force to defend his dwelling and person from the illegal threat. Is the defense to homicide valid under these facts?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the thief was committing a crime, and the homeowner had a right to defend his property.","Yes, he was authorized to use deadly force where he reasonably believed that the thief had a gun and would harm him.","No, because the homeowner should have called the authorities instead of taking matters into his own hands.","Yes, because the homeowner believed he saw a gun, and thus had reason to fear for his life.","No, because a homeowner can never legally use deadly force to stop a theft.","Yes, because the homeowner was in his own home and had the right to protect himself and his property.","Yes, because a dwelling owner can always use deadly force to protect his property and person from an illegal trespasser or thief.","No, because the homeowner used excessive force in response to the situation.","No, because it is not reasonable to use deadly force to prevent the theft of the chickens.","No, because the thief was leaving the property and no longer posed a threat."],"correct":"I","answer":"J"}
{"number":1113,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The non-assignability clause in the lease agreement between the landowner and tenant explicitly restricts the tenant from assigning the lease to anyone except a corporation with an 'A' credit rating. The tenant's action of leasing the premises to a corporation without the required credit rating constitutes a breach of this clause. Therefore, the correct answer should reflect that this action is indeed a breach of the contract.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A landowner owned a large building in the city. On January 15, the landowner leased the building to a tenant for a period of 20 years at a rental of $10,000 per month. The leasehold agreement between the landowner and tenant provided that the latter was not permitted \"to assign this lease to anyone except a corporation with an Â€Â˜A' credit rating from a well- known credit rating company. \" On February 1 of the following year, the tenant leased the premises to a corporation that did not have the required credit rating. The tenant Â€Â”corporation lease was for a period of five years, with a rental of $15,000 per month, payable by the corporation to the tenant. In addition, the corporation agreed to abide \"by all of the terms and conditions of the lease between the landowner and tenant. \"Which of the following accurately states the legal effect of the non-assignability clause contained in the landowner Â€Â”tenant leasehold contract?","score":0,"choices":["The non-assignability provision had no legal effect.","The non-assignability provision allowed the tenant to lease the premises to the corporation, but not to transfer ownership.","The non-assignability provision was irrelevant because the lease between the landowner and tenant had expired.","The non-assignability provision was only effective if the tenant received written consent from the landowner.","The non-assignability provision would be null and void if the corporation improved its credit rating to 'A' during the lease period.","The tenant-corporation lease only constituted a breach if the corporation defaulted on the rent.","The non-assignability provision was applicable only to the first year of the lease.","The tenant-corporation lease did not effectuate a breach of the landowner Â€Â”tenant contract.","Although the tenant-corporation lease constituted a breach of the landowner Â€Â”tenant contract, the landowner would nevertheless be required to recognize the validity of the transfer (of the premises) to the corporation."],"correct":"A","answer":"I"}
{"number":1114,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendant initially had the intent to kill the victim, which shows premeditation and deliberation. Despite becoming intoxicated, he recognized the victim and acted on his initial intent by shooting and killing him. In this jurisdiction, first-degree murder is defined as a premeditated and deliberate killing, which fits the defendant's actions.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant hated a victim and decided to kill him. The defendant put a loaded gun in his coat pocket and went outside for a walk, not sure if and when he may see the victim. The defendant passed by a bar and decided to go inside for a drink. While in the bar, he drank several bottles of beer and became intoxicated. While walking home from the bar, the defendant bumped into the victim. As soon as the defendant recognized him, he pulled out his gun and shot and killed the victim. In this jurisdiction, first-degree murder is defined as a premeditated and deliberate killing. All other forms of murder are second-degree murder. The defendant is guilty of","score":1,"choices":["voluntary manslaughter.","first-degree murder.","second-degree murder.","criminal negligence.","involuntary manslaughter.","negligent homicide.","justifiable homicide.","aggravated assault.","not guilty due to lack of intent.","not guilty due to intoxication."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1115,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement by implication arises when a property is divided and there is a long-standing, apparent, and continuous use that is reasonably necessary for the enjoyment of the dominant estate. In this case, the drainage system was constructed before the parcels were sold and is necessary for the proper drainage of parcel \"A\" through parcels \"B\" and \"C\". The deeds did not mention the drainage system, but its existence and necessity imply an easement.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man is the owner of record of a parcel of land designated as \"A. \" It is the highest of three neighboring properties on a mountain. The man's friend is the owner of parcel \"B,\" which is situated lower than \"A\" on the mountainside. The man's cousin owns parcel \"C,\" which lies below parcels \"A\" and \"B\" on the mountain slope. In 2000, the man who originally owned all three parcels of land constructed a private drainage system. This system consisted of an underground pipeline that extended across all three parcels of land. Sewage from parcel \"A\" drained through the system to a municipal sewer, which was located at the bottom of the mountain. In 2005, the man sold parcel \"B\" to his friend. The following year, the cousin purchased parcel \"C\" from the man. The deeds to the friend and the cousin did not contain any mention of the man's drainage system. Located on each of the parcels are large ranch-style homes occupied by the respective owners. From the standpoint of the friend and the cousin, thedrainage system would most likely be defined as a(an)","score":1,"choices":["easement by necessity.","profit Ã  prendre.","easement by implication.","easement in gross.","express easement.","license.","equitable servitude.","easement appurtenant.","natural easement.","prescriptive easement."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1116,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Statements made for the purposes of medical diagnosis or treatment are generally admissible under an exception to the hearsay rule. This is because such statements are considered reliable since patients have a strong motivation to be truthful when seeking medical care.\nAnswer: A","question":"A man works at a tire warehouse, where his job duties consist of loading tires onto trucks. The job is exhausting, and the warehouse is always short of personnel. One day, while loading a heavy tractor tire onto a truck by himself, he experienced a sharp and excruciating pain in his lower back. He did not report the incident to his employer, but continued to work. A week later, after work, he went to the doctor for treatment. The man then sues his employer, alleging that the employer failed to provide him with adequate assistance, safety equipment, and training to load heavy tractor tires, thereby contributing to his injury. The employer alleges that the man is merely trying to obtain compensation for an old back injury, unrelated to his employment. At trial, the man's doctor testified that the man told her that his back began hurting while he was loading the tire on the truck. The doctor's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a statement for the purposes of medical diagnosis.","admissible as a statement made in the course of treatment.","inadmissible as a violation of the physicianpatient privilege.","admissible as it is a statement of fact.","admissible as expert testimony.","admissible as it is a statement made in anticipation of litigation.","inadmissible as it is a speculative statement.","inadmissible as it is a biased statement.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible as it is a self-serving statement."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1117,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The President has certain powers to issue executive orders, but these powers are not unlimited and must be consistent with the Constitution and laws enacted by Congress.\n\nA. This order is likely within the President's authority to manage the executive branch.\nB. This order is also likely within the President's authority to manage the executive branch premises.\nC. Abolishing a federal agency established by Congress would likely exceed the President's authority, as only Congress has the power to create or abolish federal agencies.\nD. Similar to C, this involves abolishing an agency created by Congress, which is beyond the President's authority.\nE. Establishing a new federal agency without Senate approval exceeds the President's authority, as it bypasses the legislative process required for creating federal agencies.\nF. This order is likely within the President's authority to manage procurement and cost-saving measures within the executive branch.\nG. Declaring a state of emergency and using military force without Congressional approval could violate the War Powers Resolution and exceed Presidential authority.\nH. Mandating vacations for all employees might be seen as an overreach but is less clear-cut in terms of constitutionality compared to other options.\nI. Establishing a dress code is likely within the President's authority to manage executive branch employees.\nJ. Deploying troops without Congressional approval could violate constitutional provisions regarding military deployment.\n\nAmong these options, C and E stand out as most likely unconstitutional because they directly conflict with Congressional powers. However, E specifically bypasses both legislative creation and Senate consent, making it a clearer violation.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Which of the following executive orders will most likely be found unconstitutional?","score":0,"choices":["The President issued an executive order instructing all executive branch employees to refrain from using social media during working hours.","The President issued an executive order banning all forms of meat consumption within the premises of the executive building, citing health reasons and environmental concerns.","The President issued an executive order abolishing a federal agency that was established by an Act of Congress, citing redundancy and inefficiency.","In 1887, Congress passed a law establishing a federal Commission of Birdwatchers. The Commission, which is still in effect, consists of seven members who are appointed by the President. The Commission's main function is to go on periodic retreats to photograph and study North American birds and their migratory habits. Believing that the Commission is archaic, the President decides that any future funding will simply be a waste of money. He thus executes an executive decree abrogating the Commission of Birdwatchers.","Without seeking the advice and consent of the Senate, the President issued an executive order to establish a new federal agency to oversee the operations of all other federal agencies.","The President issued an executive order requiring all executive branch employees to use exclusively one brand of ballpoint pens and pencils as their writing utensils. According to a study, the federal government could save in excess of $250,000 a year in office supply costs if all executive agencies were to use standardized pens and pencils.","The President issued an executive order declaring a state of emergency in a city dealing with civil unrest, and authorizes the use of military force without the approval of Congress.","The President issued an executive order mandating all executive branch employees to take a mandatory vacation for a period of one month.","The President issued an executive order requiring all executive branch employees to wear only white shirts and blouses during regular working hours. According to the President's directive, executive employees are prohibited from wearing colored (e. g. , blue or yellow) or striped shirts and blouses while on duty. The President issued the order in an effort to establish a uniform dress code for all executive employees.","A devastating hurricane damages an island which is part of a foreign country. The storm destroys many homes, resulting in death and injury to thousands. In response to a request from the foreign government for emergency aid, the President, without seeking the advice and consent of the Senate, issues an executive decree authorizing U. S. Army troops to the island to provide medical and humanitarian assistance."],"correct":"D","answer":"E"}
{"number":1118,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. When the woman made a counteroffer of $800, it legally terminated her power to accept the original offer of $1,000. A counteroffer is considered a rejection of the original offer and creates a new offer. Therefore, the man's best defense would be that the woman's counteroffer terminated her power of acceptance.\nAnswer: D","question":"A man mailed a letter to a woman promising to sell her his motorcycle for $1,000. After receiving the letter, the woman sent the man a fax that stated, \"The price is a little high, I'll give you $800. \" The man responded by fax, \"I will not accept $800. \" The next day, the woman telephoned the man and said, \"I changed my mind, I will pay $1,000 for the motorcycle. \" The man refused to sell the woman his motorcycle. If the woman sues the man for breach of contract, which of the following defenses would be the man's best defense?","score":1,"choices":["The man had the right to change his mind about the sale at any time.","The woman did not respond to the offer in a timely manner.","The man's refusal to accept $800 was not communicated in writing.","The woman's counter offer terminated her power of acceptance.","The man's rejection of the woman's counter offer terminated the woman's power of acceptance.","Since the woman's purported acceptance was oral, it constituted a different mode of communication from the written offer.","The initial letter from the man was not a formal offer to sell.","The contract was unenforceable under the statute of frauds, because the woman's purported acceptance was oral.","The woman's initial refusal to pay the full price voided the contract."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1119,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The issue at hand involves the balance between the state's interest in rehabilitating juvenile offenders and the bar examiners' need to investigate the character of applicants. Juvenile records are typically sealed to protect the privacy and future prospects of individuals who committed offenses as minors, supporting their rehabilitation and reintegration into society. However, the bar examiners argue that they need access to these records to ensure that only morally fit individuals are admitted to practice law.\n\nThe state statute requiring juvenile records to be sealed is designed to protect individuals from the long-term consequences of their juvenile offenses, which aligns with principles of rehabilitation and privacy. This protection is generally considered constitutional because it serves a legitimate state interest.\n\nOn the other hand, denying access to these records could be seen as hindering the bar examiners' ability to fully assess an applicant's character, which is crucial for maintaining the integrity of the legal profession.\n\nGiven this context, the court should likely rule in favor of upholding the state statute because it serves a significant state interest in rehabilitating juveniles and protecting their privacy, which outweighs the bar examiners' need for access in this specific instance.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A recent law school graduate took and passed the bar examination. Before the swearing-in ceremony, however, the graduate received a letter from the bar examiners indicating that his admission would be delayed until a character fitness investigation had been completed. The examiners also requested information as to whether the graduate had ever been arrested, convicted, or placed on probation for a criminal offense. The graduate had been arrested as a juvenile for possession of marijuana. He was placed in a special drug education program for first- time juvenile offenders and was told that the arrest would be expunged. Since the graduate believed that he had been totally exonerated of criminal liability, he didn't report the arrest on his bar application form. The bar examiners had, in fact, received an anonymous letter making reference to the graduate's juvenile arrest and suggesting that he was not morally fit to be admitted as an attorney. In addition, the letter provided detailed information about the facts related to the offense. As a result, the examiners hired a special investigator, to look into the matter. As part of the investigator's inquiry, he went to the clerk of the juvenile court where the offense occurred and demanded access to the records concerning the graduate. The clerk refused, citing a state statute that required all court and police records relating to juveniles be sealed. After all other attempts to gain access to the records proved futile, the bar examiners filed suit in federal district court demanding access to the relevant documents. The court should rule that, as applied to this case, the state statute regarding the sealing of juvenile records is","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because it safeguards the principle of rehabilitation by shielding individuals from their past juvenile offenses.","constitutional, because the state has a strong and legitimate interest in rehabilitating juvenile offenders, and this is furthered by protecting them from embarrassment in later life through revelation ofjuvenile offenses.","constitutional, because it protects the privacy rights of individuals who committed offenses as minors.","constitutional, because it promotes the principle of 'forgetting' past juvenile indiscretions to enable successful reintegration into society.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the federal court's jurisdiction over bar admission matters.","unconstitutional, because it violates the right of the bar examiners to fully investigate the character of applicants.","constitutional, because juveniles are entitled to the equal protection of the laws.","unconstitutional, because the bar examiners, as a quasi-judicial agency, is entitled to haveaccess to all relevant public documents.","unconstitutional, because it hinders the interests of justice by preventing the bar examiners from determining the fitness of candidates to practice law."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1120,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Fair Housing Act for help. The federal Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in housing based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability. This includes making discriminatory statements in advertisements. Even if the woman does not act on her preference, stating a racial or gender preference in the advertisement itself is a violation of the Act.\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman owned a four-unit apartment building and lived in one of the units. When one of her tenants vacated his apartment, the woman placed an advertisement in the local paper that read as follows: \"Large two-bedroom apartment available for rent. White male preferred.\" The woman's preference was motivated by the fact that she liked to have a mix of tenants of both genders and from various racial and ethnic backgrounds in her building, and of the remaining rented units, one was rented to an African American man and the other to a Pacific Islander woman. Based upon these facts, which of the following statements is true?","score":1,"choices":["The federal Fair Housing Act doesn't apply to private landlords.","Under the federal Fair Housing Act, the woman was not permitted to state a racial or gender preference in the advertisement.","The woman's actions are only a violation of state laws, not federal laws.","The woman's preference is considered discriminatory only if she refuses to rent to a qualified tenant based on their race or gender.","The woman's racial or gender preference is allowed under the federal Fair Housing Act if it promotes diversity.","The federal Fair Housing Act makes it illegal for the woman to refuse to rent her units to prospective tenants because of their race or gender.","The woman's motive absolves her from any liability under the federal Fair Housing Act.","There are no violations of any federal laws under these facts.","The woman's actions are legal under the federal Fair Housing Act as long as she doesn't act on her preference.","The woman's actions are legal as long as the apartment is in her primary residence."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1121,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. H.L.A. Hart, a prominent legal philosopher, is known for making the distinction between general and particular jurisprudence. General jurisprudence involves the study of legal systems and concepts that are common across different legal systems, while particular jurisprudence focuses on the laws and legal principles specific to a particular jurisdiction or legal system.\nAnswer: B","question":"The distinction between general and particular jurisprudence was recognized by","score":0,"choices":["Kelsen","Hart","Roscoe Pound","Dworkin","Austin","Holland","Blackstone","Holmes","Salmond"],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1122,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. H.L.A. Hart, a legal positivist, argued that the validity of a law is separate from its morality. In response to Lon Fuller's argument concerning the invalidity of Nazi law, Hart contended that the moral quality of a law does not affect its legal validity. Therefore, Hart would argue that Fuller's moral critique was irrelevant to the question of whether the Nazi law was legally valid.\nAnswer: H","question":"Which of the following most accurately describes Hart's response to Fuller's argument concerning the invalidity of Nazi law?","score":0,"choices":["The Nazi law in question was validly enacted.","The Nazi rule of recognition was unclear.","Hart agreed with Fuller's argument.","The court misunderstood the legislation.","Fuller misconstrued the purpose of the law.","Hart argued that the law should be disregarded due to its origin.","Hart claimed the law was invalid due to a lack of enforcement.","Hart contended Fuller's argument was irrelevant to the validity of the law.","Hart believed the Nazi law was morally justified.","Hart suggested that the Nazi law was not truly a law."],"correct":"A","answer":"H"}
{"number":1123,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the European Court of Human Rights for help. In the 1990s, the European Court of Human Rights faced several challenges that necessitated reform. These included an increase in the number of member states, leading to more individuals accessing the court (D), an increased workload (F), and the fact that it was a part-time court unable to handle the growing number of complaints (H). However, there was no significant issue related to a decrease in the number of member states (A) or a lack of diversity among its judges (I).\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Which of the following statements is false?","score":0,"choices":["In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because of the decrease in the number of member states","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because it was not enforcing its judgments effectively","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because it wasn't examining enough cases","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because of the growth in the number of individuals who could access the Court after the increase in the number of member states","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because it was unable to keep up with the rapid changes in international law","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because the workload had increased","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because it was being heavily influenced by political pressure","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because it was a part time court that could not process the growing number of complaints","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because of the lack of diversity among its judges","In the 1990's it became apparent the European Court of Human Rights had to be reformed because of budgetary constraints"],"correct":"D","answer":"A"}
{"number":1124,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The term \"jure gestionis\" refers to actions taken by a state in a private or commercial capacity, as opposed to \"jure imperii,\" which refers to actions taken in a sovereign or public capacity. This distinction is important in international law, particularly regarding state immunity.\nAnswer: C","question":"What is an act jure gestionis?","score":1,"choices":["Acts jure gestionis are all actions performed by the State in a public capacity","All conduct undertaken by government officials in their free time is considered jus gestionis.","Acts jure gestionis are those undertaken by States in a private capacity","All international treaties signed by the State are acts jure gestionis","Acts jure gestionis are all decisions made by State courts","Acts jure gestionis are all legislative decisions made by the State.","All purchases by the State are acts jure gestionis","All diplomatic missions undertaken by the State are acts jure gestionis","Acts jure gestionis are military actions undertaken by States","All acts undertaken by State corporations are jure gestionis"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1125,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The term \"jure gestionis\" refers to actions taken by a state in a private or commercial capacity, as opposed to \"jure imperii,\" which refers to actions taken in a sovereign or public capacity.\nAnswer: C","question":"What is an act jure gestionis?","score":1,"choices":["Acts jure gestionis are all actions performed by the State in a public capacity","All conduct undertaken by government officials in their free time is considered jus gestionis.","Acts jure gestionis are those undertaken by States in a private capacity","All international treaties signed by the State are acts jure gestionis","Acts jure gestionis are all decisions made by State courts","Acts jure gestionis are all legislative decisions made by the State.","All purchases by the State are acts jure gestionis","All diplomatic missions undertaken by the State are acts jure gestionis","Acts jure gestionis are military actions undertaken by States","All acts undertaken by State corporations are jure gestionis"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1126,"response":"Explanation: The 'living instrument principle' is a doctrine used by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) to interpret the European Convention on Human Rights in light of present-day conditions and societal changes. This principle allows the ECHR to adapt its interpretation of the Convention to contemporary circumstances.\n\nThe case that best illustrates this principle is **Goodwin v UK (2002)**. In this case, the ECHR recognized the rights of transgender individuals under Article 8 (right to respect for private and family life) and Article 12 (right to marry) of the Convention. The Court's decision reflected an evolving understanding of gender identity issues, demonstrating how the Convention is interpreted as a \"living instrument.\"\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Which of the following cases best illustrates the 'living instrument principle' used by the European Court of Human Rights?","score":1,"choices":["Golder v UK (1978)","A v UK (2009)","Goodwin v UK (2002)","Osman v UK (1998)"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1127,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The 'living instrument principle' is a doctrine used by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) to interpret the European Convention on Human Rights in a dynamic and evolving manner, taking into account present-day conditions and societal changes. \n\nThe case that best illustrates this principle is **Tyrer v UK (1978)**. In this case, the ECHR held that the Convention is a living instrument which must be interpreted in light of present-day conditions. The court found that judicial corporal punishment of a juvenile constituted degrading punishment under Article 3 of the Convention, reflecting contemporary standards of human rights.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Which of the following cases best illustrates the 'living instrument principle' used by the European Court of Human Rights?","score":0,"choices":["McCann v UK (1995)","Soering v UK (1989)","A v UK (2009)","Marper v UK (2008)","Goodwin v UK (2002)","Golder v UK (1978)","Tyrer v UK (1978)","Osman v UK (1998)"],"correct":"E","answer":"G"}
{"number":1128,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Contracts Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article I, Section 10) prohibits states from passing any law that retroactively impairs contract rights. This means that a state cannot enact a law that changes the terms of contracts that have already been agreed upon and are in effect. The new state statute in question applies to installment land contracts already in existence at the time of its enactment, which would likely be seen as impairing the obligations of those existing contracts.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"For many years, persons engaged in real estate transactions in a state have utilized installment land contracts. The so-called installment land contract has been popular as a substitute for the mortgage or deed of trust. Under such a contract, the seller agrees to accept, and the buyer agrees to pay, the purchase price in installments over a stipulated period of time. The vendor retains legal title as security for the payment of the purchase price; and the vendee has equitable title under the doctrine of equitable conversion. The most important characteristic of the installment land contract, however, is the forfeiture clause, which provides that if the vendee is in default for 30 days, the vendor may, at his option, declare a forfeiture of the contract, in which case all payments made shall be forfeited as \"liquidated\" damages and the buyer shall become a tenant at will of the seller. Over the years, many sellers of property under such installment land contracts have declared forfeitures in situations where the prospective buyers were delinquent in their payments, even when the buyer was late with a single payment after nearly all the other payments had been made. In order to remedy this inequitable situation, the state legislature enacted a statute requiring any seller attempting to declare a forfeiture of an installment land contract to do so by instituting a formal foreclosure action in the courts. The new law also provided that prior to the commencement of such a foreclosure action, the seller under such an arrangement must give the buyer a 60-day grace period to make up any delinquent installment payment with interest. The new law expressly applied both to installment land contracts entered into subsequent to its enactment and to installment land contracts already in existence at the time of its enactment. Is this new state statute likely to be held constitutional?","score":0,"choices":["No, because application of the law to installment land contracts entered into before or after its enactment is a deprivation of a proprietary interest without due process of the law.","Yes, because the authority to enact laws regulating real estate sales transactions occurring within the boundaries of individual states is reserved exclusively to the states by the Tenth Amendment.","No, because it changes the terms of contracts that have already been agreed upon and are in effect.","Yes, because it is a reasonable regulation of the procedure to be followed in such cases and does not substantially diminish the underlying obligations of the buyer.","No, because it infringes on the seller's right to manage their property as they see fit.","No, because it interferes with the agreed contractual terms between the buyer and seller.","No, because application of the law to installment land contracts entered into prior to its enactment is a violation of the obligation of contracts."],"correct":"D","answer":"G"}
{"number":1129,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Contracts Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article I, Section 10) prohibits states from passing any law that retroactively impairs contract rights. However, courts have allowed some state regulations if they are reasonable and necessary to serve an important public purpose. In this case, the new statute provides a grace period and requires formal foreclosure procedures, which can be seen as reasonable measures to protect buyers from unfair forfeiture practices without substantially impairing the seller's rights.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"For many years, persons engaged in real estate transactions in a state have utilized installment land contracts. The so-called installment land contract has been popular as a substitute for the mortgage or deed of trust. Under such a contract, the seller agrees to accept, and the buyer agrees to pay, the purchase price in installments over a stipulated period of time. The vendor retains legal title as security for the payment of the purchase price; and the vendee has equitable title under the doctrine of equitable conversion. The most important characteristic of the installment land contract, however, is the forfeiture clause, which provides that if the vendee is in default for 30 days, the vendor may, at his option, declare a forfeiture of the contract, in which case all payments made shall be forfeited as \"liquidated\" damages and the buyer shall become a tenant at will of the seller. Over the years, many sellers of property under such installment land contracts have declared forfeitures in situations where the prospective buyers were delinquent in their payments, even when the buyer was late with a single payment after nearly all the other payments had been made. In order to remedy this inequitable situation, the state legislature enacted a statute requiring any seller attempting to declare a forfeiture of an installment land contract to do so by instituting a formal foreclosure action in the courts. The new law also provided that prior to the commencement of such a foreclosure action, the seller under such an arrangement must give the buyer a 60-day grace period to make up any delinquent installment payment with interest. The new law expressly applied both to installment land contracts entered into subsequent to its enactment and to installment land contracts already in existence at the time of its enactment. Is this new state statute likely to be held constitutional?","score":1,"choices":["No, because application of the law to installment land contracts entered into before or after its enactment is a deprivation of a proprietary interest without due process of the law.","Yes, because the authority to enact laws regulating real estate sales transactions occurring within the boundaries of individual states is reserved exclusively to the states by the Tenth Amendment.","No, because it changes the terms of contracts that have already been agreed upon and are in effect.","Yes, because it is a reasonable regulation of the procedure to be followed in such cases and does not substantially diminish the underlying obligations of the buyer.","Yes, because it balances the rights of both buyers and sellers in real estate transactions.","Yes, because it provides a remedy for an unfair situation and doesn't alter the basic contract obligations.","No, because it infringes on the seller's right to manage their property as they see fit.","No, because it interferes with the agreed contractual terms between the buyer and seller.","Yes, because it provides an additional protection for buyers in a vulnerable position.","No, because application of the law to installment land contracts entered into prior to its enactment is a violation of the obligation of contracts."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1130,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The doctrine of ademption applies when a specific bequest (like the farm) is no longer part of the estate at the time of the testator's death because it has been sold or otherwise disposed of. In such cases, the specific bequest is considered \"adeemed,\" and the beneficiary (the nephew) does not receive a substitute property unless the will specifies otherwise. Since the farm was sold and the proceeds were used to buy a new home, and there was no change to the will, the specific bequest to the nephew is adeemed. The residue of the estate, which includes any remaining assets not specifically bequeathed, goes to the residuary legatee (the niece).\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A woman duly executed a will under which she devised her farm to her nephew and bequeathed the residue of her estate to her niece. For 12 years after executing her will, the woman lived on her farm. Then she sold it and used the sales proceeds to purchase a home in the city, in which she lived until she died, never having changed her will. Following the admission of the will to probate, both the nephew and the niece claimed ownership of the home. There is no applicable statute. Who is the owner of the home?","score":0,"choices":["The nephew, because of the doctrine of ademption.","The nephew, because of the doctrine of equitable estoppel.","The niece, because of the doctrine of lapse.","The niece, because she is the residuary legatee."],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":1131,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supreme Court precedent in cases such as Steffel v. Thompson (1974) allows a federal plaintiff to seek declaratory judgment if there is a genuine threat of enforcement against them, even if they are not currently being prosecuted. In this case, the law student has received warnings from the police and witnessed the arrest of his companions, which constitutes a genuine threat of enforcement.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A law student and two friends were at a mall peacefully handing out fliers in protest of U.S. Middle East policy. The mall owner called the police, who warned them to stop or they would be arrested. They returned the next day and continued to leaflet. The police came again and issued another warning. The law student left to avoid arrest, but the police arrested his companions for criminal trespass and loitering. The law student, in an attempt to get an advance ruling on the constitutionality of the criminal statutes, filed a declaratory judgment action in federal court asking for declaratory relief. Based on Supreme Court precedent will the federal district court dismiss the declaratory judgment action?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the declaratory relief would interfere with existing state prosecutions and would therefore be disallowed for reasons of equity and comity.","No, because a federal plaintiff may seek a declaratory judgment even if he is not threatened with a state prosecution on the state statute.","No, because the law student can show a genuine threat of enforcement against him, as evidenced by the arrest of his companions and prior warnings.","Yes, the declaratory relief would be premature because the law student's fears of a future arrest are entirely speculative on his part."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1132,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on conflict of laws for help. In cases involving conflicts of law, courts generally apply the substantive law of the state where the injury occurred, especially in tort cases. This is known as the \"lex loci delicti\" rule. Since the accident occurred in California, and California allows punitive damages, the court should apply California's punitive damage rule.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"There was an accident at a manufacturing plant located in California which state generally allows prevailing parties to collect punitive damages. A worker from Washington was injured at the California plant and she filed suit in federal district court in her home state of Washington. Washington does not generally allow punitive damages. The plaintiff has alleged in their federal lawsuit filed in Washington that they are entitled to punitive damages. The court should","score":0,"choices":["Apply the federal punitive damage rule since the case is in a federal court.","Apply the punitive damage rule in California since that is where the manufacturing plant is located.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington since that is where the lawsuit was filed.","Apply the punitive damage rule in California since that is where the accident occurred.","Let the jury in the case decide which state law of punitive damage should apply based upon their analysis of the relative culpability of the parties.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington because that is where the court is located.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington since that is where the plaintiff resides.","Apply the punitive damage rule in the state that has the most favorable law for the defendant.","Apply the punitive damage rule in the state that has the most favorable law for the plaintiff.","Apply the punitive damage rule of the state where the company's headquarters is located."],"correct":"F","answer":"D"}
{"number":1133,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In federal diversity cases, the court typically applies the substantive law of the state where the incident occurred, including its choice of law rules. This principle is derived from the Erie Doctrine, which mandates that federal courts sitting in diversity jurisdiction must apply state substantive law and federal procedural law. Since the accident occurred in California, and California generally allows for punitive damages, the court should apply California's punitive damage rule.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"There was an accident at a manufacturing plant located in California which state generally allows prevailing parties to collect punitive damages. A worker from Washington was injured at the California plant and she filed suit in federal district court in her home state of Washington. Washington does not generally allow punitive damages. The plaintiff has alleged in their federal lawsuit filed in Washington that they are entitled to punitive damages. The court should","score":0,"choices":["Apply the federal punitive damage rule since the case is in a federal court.","Apply the punitive damage rule in California since that is where the manufacturing plant is located.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington since that is where the lawsuit was filed.","Apply the punitive damage rule in California since that is where the accident occurred.","Let the jury in the case decide which state law of punitive damage should apply based upon their analysis of the relative culpability of the parties.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington because that is where the court is located.","Apply the punitive damage rule in Washington since that is where the plaintiff resides.","Apply the punitive damage rule in the state that has the most favorable law for the defendant.","Apply the punitive damage rule in the state that has the most favorable law for the plaintiff.","Apply the punitive damage rule of the state where the company's headquarters is located."],"correct":"F","answer":"D"}
{"number":1134,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The admissibility of evidence in court depends on its relevance and ability to help prove a fact in question. In this case, the right shoe found at the suspect's apartment has distinctive features that match the footprint found at the crime scene (brand, size, wear pattern, and \"V\" mark). This makes it relevant circumstantial evidence that can help establish a link between the suspect and the crime scene.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A detective found a footprint from a left-foot shoe at a murder scene. The print was preserved appropriately as evidence. It had distinctive tread marks and an unusual wear pattern on the sole. It also had a \"V\" mark on the heel bottom that indicates the brand was a Victory shoe. The detective, armed with a proper search warrant, searched the suspect's apartment, where he found a shoe to a right foot that of the same size, and with a similar wear pattern and the same \"V\" mark as the shoeprint found at the scene. The shoe for the left foot was not found but the shoe for the right foot was seized from the suspect's closet and offered as evidence at trial. Is this admissible evidence?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the shoe print alone is insufficient evidence without additional forensic evidence.","Yes, because the brand and wear pattern match the footprint found at the scene.","Yes, as the shoe could potentially match the print found at the scene, indicating the suspect's involvement.","Yes, because the shoe can be linked directly to the suspect.","No, because this shoe is irrelevant and will have no residue or other probative evidence relating to it.","No, because the right shoe cannot prove the suspect's presence at the crime scene.","Yes, because it is appropriate circumstantial evidence of guilt.","No, because footprint evidence is highly speculative unless both shoes and shoe prints are offered and authenticated.","No, because the left shoe was not found and thus the evidence is incomplete.","Yes, because it is direct evidence of guilt."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1135,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Strict liability in tort does not depend on the degree of care that the defendant exercised; rather, it is imposed for certain activities that are inherently dangerous or for defects in products. The pharmacist's best defense would be to argue that he is not a seller of the product upon whom strict liability may be imposed, as strict liability typically applies to manufacturers and sellers in the chain of distribution.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A pharmacist was employed by a drug store. A long-time customer of the drug store presented a prescription to the pharmacist for the medication Clinoril, which was prescribed by her physician to treat her arthritic condition. The pharmacist was in a rush that day because of a backlog of prescriptions to fill, and he misread the customer's prescription. He filled her prescription with Clinitest, a caustic substance not for internal use. He labeled the container with the instructions for Clinoril: \"Take one tablet twice a day. \"The customer followed the instructions, consumed the Clinitest, and suffered severe injuries to her stomach and esophagus. If the customer brings a strict liability in tort action against the pharmacist, what is his best defense?","score":1,"choices":["It was the cashier and not he who personally received the money for the medication.","He was not a seller of the product upon whom strict liability may be imposed.","He exercised reasonable care under the circumstances.","The drug store was not the manufacturer upon whom ultimate liability falls."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1136,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Strict liability in tort typically applies to manufacturers and sellers of defective products, holding them liable regardless of fault. The pharmacist, in this case, is neither the manufacturer nor a typical seller but rather a professional providing a service. His best defense would be that he is not considered a \"seller\" of the product upon whom strict liability may be imposed.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A pharmacist was employed by a drug store. A long-time customer of the drug store presented a prescription to the pharmacist for the medication Clinoril, which was prescribed by her physician to treat her arthritic condition. The pharmacist was in a rush that day because of a backlog of prescriptions to fill, and he misread the customer's prescription. He filled her prescription with Clinitest, a caustic substance not for internal use. He labeled the container with the instructions for Clinoril: \"Take one tablet twice a day. \"The customer followed the instructions, consumed the Clinitest, and suffered severe injuries to her stomach and esophagus. If the customer brings a strict liability in tort action against the pharmacist, what is his best defense?","score":1,"choices":["The customer did not suffer any injuries due to the medication.","The customer did not ask for clarification about the medication.","The physician had prescribed the wrong medication.","The drug store was not the manufacturer upon whom ultimate liability falls.","The medication was properly labeled with the correct medication name.","It was the cashier and not he who personally received the money for the medication.","The customer should have been aware that the medication was not correct.","He was not a seller of the product upon whom strict liability may be imposed.","He exercised reasonable care under the circumstances.","The customer misread the label on the medication."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1137,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence for help. For photographs to be admissible in court, they must be authenticated, meaning there must be testimony that the photographs accurately portray what they purport to show. The best reason to exclude the photographs would be if there was no testimony that the photographs accurately portrayed the ruptured tank.\nAnswer: C","question":"An owner of a storage facility stores flammable gases under high pressure in large spherical tanks. The facility was constructed for the owner by a company that specializes in the construction of such facilities. After the facility had been in use for three months, one of the tanks ruptured, causing a spillage and loss of the chemicals. The owner sued the company for strict liability, claiming that the storage tank had been defectively manufactured. At trial, the owner called a photographer who testified she was hired by the owner to photograph the ruptured tank after the accident. She further testified that the roll of film was sent to a commercial film lab where the photographs were developed. Thereupon, the owner's attorney showed the photographer the photographs, which she identified as the ones she had taken and given to the Owner. The owner's attorney offers 10 photographs into evidence. Upon objection by the company's counsel, which of the following, if true, is the best reason to exclude the photographs from evidence?","score":1,"choices":["The owner's attorney did not provide a copy of the photographs to the company's counsel in advance.","The photographer was not shown to be an expert or professional photographer.","There was no testimony that the photographs accurately portrayed the ruptured tank.","The photographs were taken three months after the accident.","There was an unaccountable break in the chain of custody from the time when the photographs were taken to the period when the negatives were processed.","The photographs were developed in a commercial lab, not a forensic lab.","The photographs are not the best evidence to prove how the tank ruptured.","The photographs were not shown to be relevant to the lawsuit.","The photographer failed to document the process of photographing the ruptured tank.","The photographer did not testify that the photographs were taken at the site of the accident."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1138,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. In legal proceedings, photographs can be admitted as evidence if they are properly authenticated and shown to be accurate representations of what they purport to depict. The best reason to exclude the photographs would be if there was no testimony that the photographs accurately portrayed the ruptured tank, as this directly impacts their reliability and relevance.\nAnswer: C","question":"An owner of a storage facility stores flammable gases under high pressure in large spherical tanks. The facility was constructed for the owner by a company that specializes in the construction of such facilities. After the facility had been in use for three months, one of the tanks ruptured, causing a spillage and loss of the chemicals. The owner sued the company for strict liability, claiming that the storage tank had been defectively manufactured. At trial, the owner called a photographer who testified she was hired by the owner to photograph the ruptured tank after the accident. She further testified that the roll of film was sent to a commercial film lab where the photographs were developed. Thereupon, the owner's attorney showed the photographer the photographs, which she identified as the ones she had taken and given to the Owner. The owner's attorney offers 10 photographs into evidence. Upon objection by the company's counsel, which of the following, if true, is the best reason to exclude the photographs from evidence?","score":1,"choices":["The owner's attorney did not provide a copy of the photographs to the company's counsel in advance.","The photographer was not shown to be an expert or professional photographer.","There was no testimony that the photographs accurately portrayed the ruptured tank.","The photographs were taken three months after the accident.","The photographs were developed in a commercial lab, not a forensic lab.","The photographs are not the best evidence to prove how the tank ruptured.","The photographs were not shown to be relevant to the lawsuit.","The photographer failed to document the process of photographing the ruptured tank.","The photographer did not testify that the photographs were taken at the site of the accident."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1139,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Murder generally requires intent to kill or cause serious harm, or acting with a depraved indifference to human life. Among the given options, the scenario that most clearly involves an intentional act likely to result in death is H, where the defendant struck his coworker on the head with a heavy object in a fit of rage, resulting in death. This action demonstrates intent and direct causation.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Under which of the following situations would the defendant most likely be found guilty of murder?","score":0,"choices":["A defendant was speeding on a public highway, well over the speed limit. He saw a child chasing after a ball onto the road, but he was unable to stop or swerve in time and ended up hitting the child, causing fatal injuries.","A defendant was driving home after drinking heavily at a party. He lost control of his vehicle and crashed into a house, killing the resident who was sleeping inside.","A defendant, out hunting with a friend, mistook his friend for a deer and shot him, resulting in his friend's death.","A defendant was showing off his new gun to his friends at a party. He thought the gun was not loaded and playfully pointed it at a friend and pulled the trigger, resulting in his friend's death.","A defendant, accompanied by his girlfriend, was attending his law school graduation party. Both the defendant and his girlfriend became highly intoxicated during the party celebration. As the defendant and his girlfriend were leaving the party, the defendant handed his girlfriend the keys to his automobile and directed her to drive home. While driving, the girlfriend suddenly swerved the car across the median strip into the path of an oncoming car, killing the driver of the other vehicle.","One afternoon a defendant was delivering pornographic materials to various adult bookstores in the community. In this jurisdiction, the delivery of pornographic materials constituted a misdemeanor. As the defendant was on his way to a book store for his final delivery of the day, he inadvertently struck a blind man who was crossing an intersection. Six months later, the blind man died as a result of injuries suffered in the accident.","A defendant, while arguing with his spouse at home, pulled out a gun. The gun accidentally discharged and the bullet struck and killed their child who had just entered the room.","A defendant was involved in a heated argument with a coworker. In a fit of rage, he struck his coworker on the head with a heavy object, resulting in his coworker's death.","A defendant conspired with two other men to rob a store. On the day of the robbery, the three participants drove to the store in a stolen van. In accordance with their plan, the defendant was to wait in the getaway van while the two men conducted their heist. While the two men were inside the store, the defendant decided to renounce his involvement and participation in the scheme and hurriedly drove away in the van. In his haste, the defendant failed to see a pedesthan jaywalking across the street, and struck and killed the pedestrian.","A defendant, whose driver's license had been revoked one week previously, was driving on an infrequently traveled country road one night. Knowing that his car brakes were defective, the defendant was traveling at 35 m. p. h. in a zone in which the speed limit was 25 m. p. h. when a victim suddenly darted in front of his car. In an effort to avoid striking the victim, the defendant applied his brakes to no avail. The car struck and killed the victim."],"correct":"I","answer":"H"}
{"number":1140,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The pedestrian's statement was made immediately after witnessing the accident, while still under the stress of excitement caused by the event. This fits the criteria for the \"excited utterance\" exception to hearsay rules, which allows statements made in response to a startling event or condition while the declarant is under the stress of excitement caused by the event.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man and a woman were involved in a car accident that occurred when the man abruptly switched lanes in front of the woman without signaling. Unable to stop, the woman hit the man's car into a median. Immediately after the accident, as the two drivers emerged from their vehicles, a pedestrian, obviously emotional and upset from having just observed an accident, ran up to the man and shouted, \"You careless driver, you. Didn't you ever learn that you're supposed to use a turn signal when you switch lanes?\" The pedestrian is never identified and is not present at trial. The pedestrian's statement is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the bystander was not involved in the accident.","admissible under the excited utterance exception.","admissible as non-hearsay.","admissible, even though it is hearsay.","admissible under the present sense impression exception.","inadmissible, because it is an opinion, not a fact.","inadmissible, because the bystander cannot be identified and is not present at trial.","inadmissible, because it is prejudicial to the defendant.","admissible under the spontaneous statement exception."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1141,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The pedestrian's statement is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted, which generally makes it hearsay. However, there are exceptions to the hearsay rule. One such exception is the \"excited utterance\" exception, which allows statements made in response to a startling event while the declarant is still under the stress of excitement caused by the event. The pedestrian's statement was made immediately after witnessing the accident and while clearly emotional and upset, fitting this exception.\nAnswer: C","question":"A man and a woman were involved in a car accident that occurred when the man abruptly switched lanes in front of the woman without signaling. Unable to stop, the woman hit the man's car into a median. Immediately after the accident, as the two drivers emerged from their vehicles, a pedestrian, obviously emotional and upset from having just observed an accident, ran up to the man and shouted, \"You careless driver, you. Didn't you ever learn that you're supposed to use a turn signal when you switch lanes?\" The pedestrian is never identified and is not present at trial. The pedestrian's statement is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the bystander was not involved in the accident.","admissible, because it is relevant to the case.","admissible under the excited utterance exception.","admissible as non-hearsay.","admissible, even though it is hearsay.","admissible under the present sense impression exception.","inadmissible, because it is an opinion, not a fact.","inadmissible, because the bystander cannot be identified and is not present at trial.","inadmissible, because it is prejudicial to the defendant.","admissible under the spontaneous statement exception."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1142,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Conspiracy requires an agreement to commit a crime and an intent to achieve the objective of the conspiracy. The key issue here is whether the defendant's lack of knowledge about the federal jurisdiction negates his intent to commit a crime in a federal park. Federal conspiracy laws typically require only an intent to commit a prohibited act, not necessarily knowledge of the specific jurisdictional circumstances.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Shortly after breaking up with the defendant, a woman began dating the victim. The defendant, who still loved the woman, hated the victim. During a holiday weekend, the woman and the victim arranged to go camping in a federal park. The defendant and his friend decided to beat up the victim while he and the woman were on their camping trip. They went to the campsite where the woman and the victim were staying, but they couldn't find the couple, who were hiking in the woods. Subsequently, the defendant was arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit an assault in a federal park. At trial, the defendant testified that he didn't know he was in a federal park. Moreover, he stated that if he had known, he would never have agreed to the crime. If the jury believes the defendant, he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because the location of the crime does not affect the intent to commit the crime.","guilty, because agreeing to commit a crime is enough to be charged with conspiracy.","not guilty, because he did not agree to commit a crime in a federal park.","guilty, because federal conspiracy laws require only an intent to commit a prohibited act, but do not require a knowledge of the surrounding circumstances.","not guilty, because he did not actually find the victim to carry out the assault.","not guilty, because he didn't have the specific intent to commit the crime of assault in a federal park.","not guilty, because he lacked the knowledge that his actions were illegal.","not guilty, because he did not actually commit the assault.","guilty, because federal conspiracy laws do not require the mental retainment ofjurisdictional requirements.","guilty, because his testimony shows that he had an intent to harm the victim."],"correct":"I","answer":"D"}
{"number":1143,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. A prior consistent statement can be used to rebut an express or implied charge against the declarant of recent fabrication or improper influence or motive. Here, the plaintiff's attorney suggested that the expert's testimony was motivated by his new business relationship with the defendant. The expert's prior consistent statement made immediately after the incident (before any alleged motive to fabricate arose) can be used to rehabilitate his credibility.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"While undergoing a routine plastic surgery procedure, a patient died on the operating table. The patient's husband is suing the plastic surgeon alleging malpractice. Two years later, at trial, the defense called another doctor as an expert witness. The expert witness testified that the patient's death was a freak accident and that the surgeon's performance met the highest standards for medical care. On cross-examination, the plaintiff's attorney brings out the fact that, one week before trial, the expert witness and the surgeon signed an agreement to become partners in an outpatient plastic surgery clinic. The plaintiff's attorney suggests that the expert's testimony was awfully convenient and likely motivated by his desire to maintain a good relationship with the defendant. The defendant then calls another surgeon at the hospital as a witness. He is asked to tell the jury about a conversation he had with the expert inunediately following the patient's death. The witness stated that \"the expert told me the patient's death was a textbook example of a freak accident and there was nothing anyone could have done to prevent it. \"On objection to this testimony, defendant's attorney seeks a ruling on the admissibility of this question and answer. The trial judge should","score":1,"choices":["overrule the objection, because a witness's veracity may be rehabilitated by a prior consistent statement.","sustain the objection, because the testimony is hearsay.","sustain the objection, because a prior consistent statement cannot be used to rehabilitate a witness's testimony.","overrule the objection, because the expert's statement is a statement against interest.","overrule the objection, because the statement supports the expert witness's credibility.","sustain the objection, because the statement is speculation and not based on factual evidence.","sustain the objection, because the statement is prejudicial and may unfairly influence the jury.","overrule the objection, because the statement was made immediately after the incident, making it a present sense impression and therefore not hearsay.","sustain the objection, because the witness's statement is unrelated to the case at hand.","overrule the objection, because the expert's statement is an exception to the hearsay rule as it was made in the course of his professional duty."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1144,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendant intended to cause harm with a deadly weapon, which resulted in an unintended death. This situation falls under the doctrine of transferred intent, where the intent to harm one person transfers when another person is harmed instead. The most serious crime in this case would be murder, as the defendant's actions were intentional and resulted in a fatality.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant wished to see his high school basketball team win the state championship. During an important game, the defendant pulled out a gun and shot at the leg of a key player on the opposing team. The defendant intended only to inflict a slight wound so that the opposing player would be unable to complete the game. When the defendant fired the shot, he unintentionally hit a player on his own high school team in the chest, killing him instantly. What is the most serious crime that the defendant can be convicted of?","score":1,"choices":["Assault with a deadly weapon.","Battery.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Voluntary manslaughter.","Murder.","Felonious assault.","Reckless endangerment.","Justifiable homicide.","Attempted murder.","Negligent homicide."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1145,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendant intended to cause harm with a deadly weapon, which resulted in the death of another person. This situation involves transferred intent, where the intent to harm one person transfers to the unintended victim. Given that the act was intentional and resulted in a death, the most serious crime here is murder.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant wished to see his high school basketball team win the state championship. During an important game, the defendant pulled out a gun and shot at the leg of a key player on the opposing team. The defendant intended only to inflict a slight wound so that the opposing player would be unable to complete the game. When the defendant fired the shot, he unintentionally hit a player on his own high school team in the chest, killing him instantly. What is the most serious crime that the defendant can be convicted of?","score":1,"choices":["Assault with a deadly weapon.","Battery.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Voluntary manslaughter.","Murder.","Felonious assault.","Reckless endangerment.","Justifiable homicide.","Attempted murder.","Negligent homicide."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1146,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The privileges and immunities clause of Article IV, Section 2, ensures that \"The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.\" This clause is designed to prevent a state from treating citizens of other states in a discriminatory manner. Since the tax discriminates against nonresident photographers by imposing a tax that resident photographers do not have to pay, this clause would furnish the most applicable basis for challenging the constitutionality of the tax.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state imposes a tax on nonresident photographers who operate photographic studios in the state at a rate of 2% of their state-derived income above $12,000. This income tax exempts taxable income earned outside of the state by photographers who live in the state. Moreover, resident-photographers of the state are not taxed on their in-state earned income. A photographer who operates a studio in the state but is a resident of another state, challenges the constitutionality of this tax. Which of the following provisions would furnish the most applicable basis for this constitutional challenge?","score":1,"choices":["The commerce clause.","The right to work clause of the Fifth Amendment.","The supremacy clause of Article VI.","The freedom of speech clause of the First Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of ArticleIv.","The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The right to a fair trial clause of the Sixth Amendment.","The right to privacy clause of the Fourth Amendment.","The establishment clause of the First Amendment."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1147,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Doctrine of Worthier Title is a common law rule that prevents a grantor from creating a future interest in his or her own heirs. If a grantor attempts to create such an interest, it is considered invalid and instead creates a reversionary interest in the grantor.\nAnswer: C","question":"What is it called when a remainder in the grantor's heirs is invalid and becomes a reversion in the grantor?","score":1,"choices":["Related Doctrine of Merger","Contingent remainder","Doctrine of Worthier Title","Doctrine of Escheat","Vested remainder","Rule in Wild's Case","Doctrine of Lapse","Rule in Shelley's Case","Doctrine of Advowson","Rule Against Perpetuities"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1148,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In cases involving the mishandling of a deceased body, courts have recognized that such actions are especially likely to cause severe emotional distress to close family members. The key issue here is whether the hospital's negligence in handling the body is likely to cause serious emotional distress, which it clearly did in this case.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"After her husband died in a hospital, a widow directed the hospital to send her husband's body to a funeral home for burial. The hospital negligently misidentified the husband's body and sent it to be cremated. When she was informed of the hospital's mistake, the widow suffered serious emotional distress. She has sued the hospital. Is the hospital likely to be held liable to the widow?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the widow was never in any danger of bodily harm.","No, because the hospital's mistake was not intentional.","Yes, because the negligent handling of the husband's body was especially likely to cause his widow serious emotional distress. Â€Âƒ","Yes, because the hospital was responsible for the correct identification and handling of the body.","Yes, because hospitals are strictly liable if they do not properly dispose of corpses.","No, because the widow did not suffer any physical harm.","No, because the widow did not witness the cremation.","No, because the widow was not physically present at the time of the incident.","Yes, because the hospital should have double-checked the identity of the body before sending it for cremation."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1149,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The doctrine of impossibility can discharge a party's performance obligations if an unforeseen event occurs that makes performance objectively impossible. However, in commercial contracts, courts often require that the event was not only unforeseen but also that it was not something that could have been mitigated or insured against. The lumber mill's inability to deliver due to a forest fire might be considered an unforeseeable event, but the mill could have potentially taken steps to mitigate such risks (e.g., insurance, alternative suppliers). Therefore, the store's demand for performance might still stand unless the court finds that the impossibility doctrine applies strictly.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A lumber mill contracted to deliver one thousand8-foot sheets of plywood to a home improvement store on the first of each month for 10 consecutive months starting June 1. The June, July, and August shipments were delivered on time and duly paid for. Then, on August 16, the lumber mill informed the store that the mill would not be able to meet the September 1 delivery date, because its lumber reserve had been destroyed by a forest fire. The mill then asked the store to excuse the mill from further performance. The store refused and demanded that the remaining shipments be delivered on time. When the September shipment failed to arrive, the store immediately brought suit for breach of contract. How would the court hold?","score":1,"choices":["Judgment for the mill, because their performance would be discharged by impossibility.","Judgment for the store, because the mill's duties of performance would not be excused.","Judgment for the mill, because the forest fire caused an unforeseeable hindrance in performance.","Judgment for the mill, because their performance would be discharged by frustration of purpose.","Judgment for the mill, because the forest fire was an act of God and beyond their control.","Judgment for the mill, because they had informed the store about the issue in advance."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1150,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The doctrine of impossibility can discharge a party's performance when an unforeseen event makes it impossible to fulfill the contract. However, the court will also consider whether the event was truly unforeseeable and beyond the control of the party, and whether there were any alternative means to perform the contract.\n\nIn this case, a forest fire destroying the lumber reserve could be considered an unforeseeable event beyond the mill's control, potentially discharging their duty under the doctrine of impossibility. However, if it was foreseeable or if there were alternative sources of lumber available, the mill might still be held liable.\n\nGiven that forest fires are not entirely unforeseeable in areas where lumber is harvested, and considering that businesses often need to have contingency plans or alternative sources for raw materials, it is likely that the court would hold the mill accountable for failing to deliver as per their contractual obligations.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A lumber mill contracted to deliver one thousand8-foot sheets of plywood to a home improvement store on the first of each month for 10 consecutive months starting June 1. The June, July, and August shipments were delivered on time and duly paid for. Then, on August 16, the lumber mill informed the store that the mill would not be able to meet the September 1 delivery date, because its lumber reserve had been destroyed by a forest fire. The mill then asked the store to excuse the mill from further performance. The store refused and demanded that the remaining shipments be delivered on time. When the September shipment failed to arrive, the store immediately brought suit for breach of contract. How would the court hold?","score":1,"choices":["Judgment for the store, because the mill failed to have a contingency plan in place.","Judgment for the mill, because their performance would be discharged by impossibility.","Judgment for the store, because the mill should have foreseen such a contingency occurring.","Judgment for the store, because the mill's duties of performance would not be excused.","Judgment for the mill, because the forest fire caused an unforeseeable hindrance in performance.","Judgment for the mill, because their performance would be discharged by frustration of purpose.","Judgment for the mill, because the forest fire was an act of God and beyond their control.","Judgment for the store, because the mill had a contractual obligation to deliver the goods.","Judgment for the mill, because they had informed the store about the issue in advance.","Judgment for the store, because the mill could have sourced lumber from another location."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1152,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is misrepresentation. Carol was led to believe she was purchasing a 1964 Thunderbird, as advertised and shown in the picture, but received a 1968 model instead. The \"as is\" clause typically refers to the condition of the car, not the year or model. Misrepresentation of a material fact (the year of the car) can void the contract. Therefore, Carol has a strong case because the seller misrepresented the car in the advertisement.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Carol Collector was a serious antique car buyer, and was always searching for Thunderbirds in good shape. She saw a newspaper ad offering a 1964 Thunderbird sports coupe for $25,000, The ad also gave a website address \"to view a picture of the car,\" which Carol visited, and which showed a T-Bird with a perfect body and interior. Carol paid the $25,000 and signed a sales contract which specified that the Thunderbird was \"used and sold as is.\" When Carol went to pick up the car, she learned it was a 1968 model, which was not at all rare and worth much less than the advertised 1964 model. If Carol brings suit against the seller, the likely outcome is for","score":0,"choices":["Carol, because the seller was not negligent in providing a picture of the car.","Carol, because the \"as is\" disclosure was not totally effective.","The seller, unless they can prove Carol had knowledge that the car was a 1968 model.","The seller, because the car was misrepresented in the advertisement.","The seller, because the buyer was aware the Thunderbird was sold \"as is.\"","Carol, unless the seller can prove the 1968 model was of equal value to the 1964 model.","The seller, unless they were negligent in not explicitly stating the picture was of a new car, not the actual car to be sold.","The seller, if Carol can prove she relied on the picture when making her purchase.","Carol, because the seller provided a picture of the car, regardless of its condition."],"correct":"B","answer":"D"}
{"number":1153,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is misrepresentation. Carol was led to believe she was purchasing a 1964 Thunderbird, but the car turned out to be a 1968 model, which is worth much less. The \"as is\" clause in the contract does not protect the seller from liability for misrepresentation. Therefore, Carol has a strong case based on the fact that the car was misrepresented in the advertisement.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Carol Collector was a serious antique car buyer, and was always searching for Thunderbirds in good shape. She saw a newspaper ad offering a 1964 Thunderbird sports coupe for $25,000, The ad also gave a website address \"to view a picture of the car,\" which Carol visited, and which showed a T-Bird with a perfect body and interior. Carol paid the $25,000 and signed a sales contract which specified that the Thunderbird was \"used and sold as is.\" When Carol went to pick up the car, she learned it was a 1968 model, which was not at all rare and worth much less than the advertised 1964 model. If Carol brings suit against the seller, the likely outcome is for","score":0,"choices":["Carol, because the internet picture was of a car that had never been driven, not the actual used car she was to buy.","Carol, because the seller was not negligent in providing a picture of the car.","Carol, because the \"as is\" disclosure was not totally effective.","The seller, unless they can prove Carol had knowledge that the car was a 1968 model.","The seller, because the car was misrepresented in the advertisement.","The seller, because the buyer was aware the Thunderbird was sold \"as is.\"","Carol, unless the seller can prove the 1968 model was of equal value to the 1964 model.","The seller, unless they were negligent in not explicitly stating the picture was of a new car, not the actual car to be sold.","The seller, if Carol can prove she relied on the picture when making her purchase.","Carol, because the seller provided a picture of the car, regardless of its condition."],"correct":"C","answer":"E"}
{"number":1154,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supreme Court case Lawrence v. Texas (2003) is directly relevant here. In this case, the Supreme Court held that laws criminalizing consensual same-sex sexual activity violate the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. The Court ruled that such laws infringe on the liberty and privacy of individuals to engage in intimate conduct without government intervention.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A police officer entered a private home in response to a reported disturbance. She found no disturbance but did witness the two male residents engaging in consensual sexual relations with each other. She arrested and charged them with \"deviate sexual intercourse\", a state law that prohibits two persons of the same sex from engaging in mutual sexual relations. After conviction and unsuccessful appeals in the state courts, the men appealed to the United States Supreme Court. What is the likely holding and reasoning of the Supreme Court?","score":0,"choices":["The federal constitution cannot be used to interfere with a state's right to regulate sexual morality.","The statute is unconstitutional because it infringes on the men's Ninth Amendment rights, which protect other rights not specifically enumerated in the Constitution.","The statute is unconstitutional because it infringes the men's right to equal protection under the Fourteenth Amendment.","The statute is unconstitutional primarily because it infringes the men's right to freedom of expression under the First Amendment.","The relationship in question is not protected by the right to privacy and is subject to a state's criminal regulation.","The statute is constitutional as it promotes the common good.","The statute violates the men's right to liberty encompassed within the constitutional guarantee of substantive due process.","The statute is constitutional as it is based on the state's interpretation of religious principles.","The statute is unconstitutional as it goes against the Eighth Amendment's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment.","The statute is constitutional because it falls within the state's police power to regulate health, safety, welfare, and morals."],"correct":"D","answer":"G"}
{"number":1155,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The strongest argument here is that the man was denied a fair process to challenge the decision and establish his qualifications, which falls under procedural due process. Procedural due process requires that the government follow fair procedures before depriving a person of life, liberty, or property.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man entered into a franchise contract with a company to operate a fast-food restaurant in a city. The company's national headquarters is located in another state. After the contract was executed, the man leased a store in a shopping center where he planned to open his restaurant. City public officials, however, refused to grant the man the necessary food vendor's license despite the fact that he could prove that his restaurant complied with all provisions of the municipal licensing ordinance. Section 1287 of the city food vending ordinance provides, in part, that \"a food vendor's license shall be issued to any applicant who properly complies with all of the health requirements of this ordinance. \" After the man's application for a food vendor's license was rejected, he requested a hearing to establish his qualifications. City officials refused this request and also declined to give any reason for his license denial. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument that the man may use to challenge the refusal of the city officials to grant him a food vendor's license?","score":1,"choices":["The city action infringes on his right to property without just compensation.","The city action is a violation of his First Amendment rights.","The city action is a breach of his Fourth Amendment rights.","The city action denies him the right to work under the Thirteenth Amendment.","The city action violates his right to fair trial.","The city action constitutes an undue burden on the potential interstate commerce between the man and his out-of-state franchisor.","The city action denies him procedural due process.","The city action is an infringement on his right to equal protection under the law.","The city action impairs the obligation of the man's contract with the franchising company and his rental agreement with the shopping mall.","The city action denies him substantive due process by arbitrarily regulating economic activity."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1156,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The scenario involves a member of a legislative body being excluded from a party caucus and facing potential disciplinary actions for his stance on proposed legislation. The key issue here is the exclusion from the caucus, which can be seen as an infringement on his rights within the legislative process.\n\nThe most relevant constitutional provision in this context would be one that protects his rights to participate in the legislative process and to be treated fairly by his peers. The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment ensures that no state shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. This clause could be interpreted to protect the member's right to fair treatment within the legislative body.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Proposed legislation was offered to a state legislature that would reorganize the state police. The bill created a great deal of controversy, both in and outside the state government. Several leaders of the minority party in the legislature decided to oppose the legislation. One member of the minority party disagreed with his party's opposition to the bill and publicly announced his support for the legislation. The minority party leaders called a caucus to discuss and determine their legislative strategy for floor debate on the bill. When the disagreeing member appeared at the door of the caucus room, he was denied admission because of his anti-party stance. He was also informed that he would be removed from all of his committee assignments. During the caucus, the party members discussed other means of disciplining the member for his party insubordination. It was suggested that they issue a press release in which the party would publicly castigate him for his actions. The leader of the party said that \"the member is a cutthroat politician who is only looking out for where his next buck will come from. \"Which of the following constitutional provisions would give the ousted member his best grounds for challenging his exclusion from the party caucus?","score":1,"choices":["The speech and debate clause.","The establishment clause of the First Amendment.","The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The right to petition as guaranteed by the First Amendment.","The right to a jury trial as guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment.","The right of assembly as guaranteed by the First Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The protection from ex post facto laws.","The cruel and unusual punishment clause of the Eighth Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1157,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The scenario involves a member of a political party being excluded from participating in a caucus due to his stance on proposed legislation. The most relevant constitutional provision would be one that protects his right to participate in political processes and not be unfairly discriminated against by his own party.\n\nThe equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment ensures that no state shall deny any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. This clause could be invoked if the member is being treated unfairly compared to other members of the legislature.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Proposed legislation was offered to a state legislature that would reorganize the state police. The bill created a great deal of controversy, both in and outside the state government. Several leaders of the minority party in the legislature decided to oppose the legislation. One member of the minority party disagreed with his party's opposition to the bill and publicly announced his support for the legislation. The minority party leaders called a caucus to discuss and determine their legislative strategy for floor debate on the bill. When the disagreeing member appeared at the door of the caucus room, he was denied admission because of his anti-party stance. He was also informed that he would be removed from all of his committee assignments. During the caucus, the party members discussed other means of disciplining the member for his party insubordination. It was suggested that they issue a press release in which the party would publicly castigate him for his actions. The leader of the party said that \"the member is a cutthroat politician who is only looking out for where his next buck will come from. \"Which of the following constitutional provisions would give the ousted member his best grounds for challenging his exclusion from the party caucus?","score":0,"choices":["The speech and debate clause.","The establishment clause of the First Amendment.","The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The right to petition as guaranteed by the First Amendment.","The right to a jury trial as guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment.","The right of assembly as guaranteed by the First Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The protection from ex post facto laws.","The cruel and unusual punishment clause of the Eighth Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"C","answer":"G"}
{"number":1158,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, the doctrine of impossibility or impracticability can excuse a party from performing contractual obligations if an unforeseen event makes performance impossible or impracticable. However, in this case, the woman's inability to attend classes does not affect the gymnasium's ability to provide them. The gymnasium has upheld its part of the contract by offering the classes, and the woman's personal circumstances do not negate her contractual obligation to pay.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A woman who was three months pregnant enrolled in a pre-natal and post-natal exercise program at the local gymnasium. The contract signed by the woman was to last for one year and called upon the woman to pay $2,000 in quarterly payments of $500. The contract also specified that all fees were non-refundable. Upon signing the contract, the woman made her first payment of $500 and started classes the next day. The woman attended classes on a regular basis for the next three months. At the end of the three-month period, the woman was involved in an automobile accident. Although she was not seriously injured, her doctor advised the woman that she needed complete rest. Her doctor told her to avoid strenuous activity and advised her to discontinue her pre-natal exercise classes. One week later, the woman received a billing notice from the gymnasium, indicating that her second installment payment of $500 was past due. She immediately telephoned the manager of the gymnasium and informed him that she would not be attending any further classes because of her accident. Also, the woman said she did not feel obligated to make any additional payments. Which of the following most accurately describes the woman's duty to pay the gymnasium the second installment fee of $500?","score":0,"choices":["It would not be excused, because the woman did not negotiate a clause in the contract that would allow for cancellation in the event of a health emergency.","It would not be excused, because the woman voluntarily entered into the contract knowing that it was non-refundable.","It would be excused, because the essential purpose of the contract was frustrated.","It would not be excused, because the woman's inability to attend the classes does not affect the gymnasium's ability to provide them.","It would be excused, because the accident was an unforeseen event that made it impossible for her to continue the classes.","It would be excused, because the woman's health conditions changed due to no fault of her own.","It would not be excused, because the contract stipulated that no fees would be refundable.","It would be not excused, because her covenant to make the installment payment is also enforceable as a condition precedent.","It would be excused, because of impossibility of performance.","It would not be excused, as the gymnasium offered services that the woman could no longer use due to personal reasons."],"correct":"C","answer":"D"}
{"number":1159,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Criminal responsibility typically requires a direct causal link between the defendant's actions and the victim's death. In this case, the defendant's conduct must be the proximate cause of the victim's death.\n\nA. The defendant did not know about the faulty brakes, so there is no intent or knowledge.\nB. The punch during a boxing match, where both parties consented to physical contact, complicates establishing criminal responsibility.\nC. The earthquake is an intervening event that breaks the chain of causation.\nD. The stabbing and pushing out of the car directly led to the victim being in a vulnerable position, which resulted in his death.\nE. Medical mistakes can lead to malpractice claims but not necessarily criminal responsibility unless gross negligence is proven.\nF. The shove did not directly cause the fatal injury; slipping on ice is an unrelated event.\nG. The threat led to the victim's decision to flee, but the airplane crash is an intervening event.\nH. Serving alcohol does not directly cause the crash; the victim's decision to drive intoxicated does.\nI. Selling drugs that led to an overdose could establish criminal responsibility, especially if the dealer knew about potential risks.\nJ. Failing to warn does not establish direct causation for criminal responsibility.\n\nAmong these options, D presents a situation where the defendant's actions (stabbing and pushing) directly led to circumstances causing the victim's death.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"In which of the following situations is the defendant's conduct most likely to make him criminally responsible for the victim's death?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant sold the victim a used car. Unbeknownst to the defendant, the car had faulty brakes. The victim died in a car accident when the brakes failed.","A defendant, who was a professional boxer, punched the victim during a match. The victim seemed fine after the match but died from a brain hemorrhage a week later.","A defendant shot a victim in the head. The victim was then taken to a hospital for treatment of the wound. An earthquake later struck the city, causing the hospital to collapse. The victim was crushed to death in the rubble.","A defendant and a victim were driving to work together when the defendant, without provocation, stabbed the victim in the arm. The defendant then pushed him out of the car. The victim fell along the side of the street and fractured his ankle. Unable to move from the roadway, the victim was fatally crushed a half-hour later by a car driven by a drunk driver.","The defendant, a doctor, made a mistake during a routine surgery, causing the victim to need further surgery. The victim died on the operating table during the second surgery.","A defendant and a victim were arguing in a bar. The defendant, in a fit of anger, shoved the victim. The victim fell, hitting his head on a table. The victim got up, apparently uninjured, and left the bar. The next day, the victim slipped on a patch of ice and hit his head, resulting in fatal injuries.","A victim, who was a gambler, was heavily in debt to the mob. The defendant, who was a mob enforcer, threatened to kill the victim if he didn't pay up. Frightened, the victim boarded the next airplane flight out of town. The airplane crashed, and the victim was killed.","The defendant, who was a bartender, served the victim alcohol. The victim left the bar heavily intoxicated and drove home. On the way, the victim crashed his car and died.","The defendant, who was a drug dealer, sold the victim drugs. The victim overdosed and died. The autopsy revealed that the victim had a heart condition that made him more susceptible to overdosing.","A defendant and a victim lived in the same apartment building. The defendant knew that the victim was having a love affair with a married woman. One day, the defendant learned that the victim was to be murdered by the married woman's husband. Although the defendant had ample time to warn the victim, he failed to do so. That night, the victim was stabbed to death by the husband."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1160,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Evidence of prior crimes is generally inadmissible to show a defendant's propensity to commit crimes (improper character evidence). However, it can be admissible for other purposes, such as showing identity, motive, intent, or modus operandi (a distinctive pattern or method of operation). In this case, the fact that the defendant previously committed a robbery in a very specific and unusual manner (wearing a yellow ski mask, goggles, and a fluorescent yellow jumpsuit) could be used to show a distinctive modus operandi.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A bank was robbed by a person wearing a yellow ski mask, goggles, and a fluorescent yellow jumpsuit. Three weeks after the robbery, a defendant was arrested and charged with the crime. At trial, the prosecuting attorney seeks to introduce evidence that the defendant had previously committed a robbery wearing a yellow ski mask, goggles, and a fluorescent yellow jumpsuit. Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the proffered evidence should be","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, because it is hearsay evidence.","admissible as circumstantial evidence that the defendant committed the crime as charged.","inadmissible, because it constitutes double jeopardy.","inadmissible, because it is irrelevant to the case.","admissible, to show the identity of the defendant.","admissible, to show the defendant's propensity for committing similar crimes.","admissible, to show the defendant's modus operandi.","admissible, to show the defendant's motive.","inadmissible, because the probative value of the evidence is outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.","inadmissible, because it constitutes improper character evidence."],"correct":"E","answer":"G"}
{"number":1161,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to the Federal Rules of Evidence, specifically Rule 406, evidence of a person's habit or an organization's routine practice may be admitted to prove that on a particular occasion the person or organization acted in accordance with the habit or routine practice. This rule allows for the admission of evidence regarding habitual behavior to establish that the behavior was likely followed on a specific occasion.\n\nIn this case, the co-worker's testimony about the defendant's habitual use of the stamp is relevant and admissible because it demonstrates a consistent pattern of behavior that can help establish that the defendant likely followed this routine on the dates in question.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"In a criminal prosecution the government must prove that the defendant affixed a rubber-stamp containing his signature to certain fraudulent letters mailed to the victim. The defendant denied that he stamped the letters. There were no witnesses to the defendant stamping the letters. The prosecution attempted to present a co-worker to testify that defendant maintained sole control of the stamp and used it once daily at 3 p.m. to sign all outgoing letters, and then immediately returned it to his safe. The co-worker would testify that he saw the defendant using the stamp in that habitual manner over a period of many years. The defense objected because this did not prove that the defendant's practice was followed on the dates in question. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, what will the court rule?","score":1,"choices":["The testimony is inadmissible because evidence of prior habit will only distract the jury from deciding whether the defendant actually acted that way on the specified dates.","The testimony is inadmissible because it is not direct evidence that the defendant used the stamp on the fraudulent letters.","The testimony is inadmissible because the co-worker does not have a direct knowledge of the defendant using the stamp on the fraudulent letters.","The testimony is inadmissible because evidence of habit is not admissible in a criminal case under the Federal Rules of Evidence.","The testimony is admissible because it proves that the defendant had access to the stamp.","The testimony is admissible because it proves a pattern of behavior that the defendant maintained control over the stamp.","The testimony is admissible because it proves that the defendant was the only person who could have used the stamp.","The testimony is inadmissible because the co-worker's observation is considered hearsay under the Federal Rules of Evidence.","The testimony is admissible because habit and routine practice are admissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence.","The testimony is admissible because it provides the jury with information about the defendant's routine, which is relevant to the case."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1162,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on wills and estates for help. Mary executed a will that clearly states her estate should be divided equally between Joan and the Salvation Army. There is no indication of any legal grounds or specific state laws that would alter this distribution, such as a right to contest or specific trust arrangements. Therefore, the estate should be distributed exactly as stated in the will.\nAnswer: F","question":"Mary, a wealthy St. Petersburg widow, executed her first and only will on May 15, 1990 and died on August 18, 1990. Her will provided that her estate be divided equally between her only child, Joan, and the Salvation Army of Largo. How will Mary's estate actually be distributed?","score":1,"choices":["50% to Joan and the income from the remaining 50% to Joan for life, remainder to the Salvation Army, if Joan files a timely petition protesting the devise to the Salvation Army.","The estate is divided equally between Joan and the Salvation Army, but Joan has the option to reject her share.","50% to Joan and the income from the remaining 50% to the Salvation Army for life, remainder to Joan.","100% to Joan if she files a timely petition requesting that the devise to the Salvation Army be avoided.","The estate is held in trust with Joan as the beneficiary during her lifetime, then transferred to the Salvation Army upon her death.","50% to Joan and 50% to the Salvation Army.","100% to Joan.","100% to the Salvation Army.","75% to Joan and 25% to the Salvation Army.","25% to Joan and 75% to the Salvation Army."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1163,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The original contract was for $12,000, and the mechanic completed the work as agreed. However, the mechanic then demanded an additional $2,000 to deliver the truck, which constitutes a breach of the original contract. The landscaper agreed to pay the additional amount under duress because they needed the truck immediately and had no reasonable alternative. This situation involves economic duress, which makes the additional promise unenforceable.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A mechanic agreed in writing to make repairs to a landscaper's truck for $12,000. The mechanic properly made the repairs, but when the landscaper tendered payment, the mechanic refused to deliver the truck unless the landscaper promised to pay an additional $2,000. The customary charge for such work was $14,000. Because the landscaper needed the truck immediately to fulfill existing contractual obligations, and because no rental trucks of the same type were available, the landscaper promised in writing to pay the mechanic an additional $2,000. The mechanic then delivered the truck. Will the mechanic be able to enforce the landscaper's promise to pay the additional $2,000?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the mechanic breached the original contract by demanding extra payment.","Yes, because the landscaper could have obtained possession of the truck through legal action rather than by agreeing to the increased payment.","No, because the mechanic exploited the landscaper's immediate need for the truck.","No, because the landscaper had no reasonable alternative but to yield to the mechanic's wrongful threat.","Yes, because the final price is equivalent to the customary charge for such work.","No, because the original contract did not include the additional $2,000 payment.","Yes, because the landscaper agreed in writing to pay the additional cost.","Yes, because the mechanic completed the repairs as agreed.","Yes, because the modified contract price did not exceed a reasonable price.","No, because the mechanic exerted undue influence over the landscaper with respect to the modification."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1164,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to the Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 609 governs the admissibility of prior convictions for the purpose of attacking a witness's character for truthfulness. Generally, evidence of a prior conviction can be admitted if it is relevant to the witness's credibility. However, if the probative value of admitting such evidence is substantially outweighed by the risk of unfair prejudice, confusion, or misleading the jury, it may be excluded under Rule 403.\n\nIn this case, the prior conviction for misdemeanor battery does not directly relate to honesty or truthfulness. Additionally, since nine years have passed and it is not a felony or a crime involving dishonesty, its relevance to the witness's credibility is limited. Therefore, the court is likely to grant the motion to exclude this evidence because its prejudicial effect on the defendant outweighs its probative value.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant is on trial for robbery. The defendant's attorney plans to call a witness. Nine years earlier, the witness had been convicted of misdemeanor battery. The defendant's attorney has filed a motion disallowing the prosecution from questioning the witness regarding this prior conviction. The motion will likely be","score":0,"choices":["denied, because the conviction is relevant to the witness's credibility","denied, because the credibility of a witness may be attacked by any party.","granted, because the prejudice to the defendant substantially outweighs the probative value of admitting the witness's conviction.","denied, because the conviction is a matter of public record","granted, as a matter of right.","denied, because the defense attorney did not file the motion in a timely manner","denied, because a period of less than 10 years has elapsed since the date of conviction.","granted, because the witness's past has no bearing on the defendant's case","granted, because the conviction is not related to the current case"],"correct":"E","answer":"C"}
{"number":1165,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on legal procedures for help. The key issue here is whether any of the actions taken during the trial could have prejudiced the jury or violated Billy's rights. The strongest issue for seeking a reversal would be something that directly impacts the fairness and integrity of the jury's deliberation process. Allowing the jury to go home after they began deliberations (C) could potentially expose them to outside influences and information, which could compromise their impartiality and the integrity of their deliberations.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Billy was charged with grand theft. The trial began on a Thursday afternoon. The jury was empaneled, sworn and released for the day. Since Friday was the Fourth of July, the judge asked the jurors to return on Monday. The trial began again on Monday morning at 8:30. By late evening the judge had instructed the jury. Due to the lateness of the hour, the jurors were sequestered for the evening to allow them to get an early start the next morning. The jurors returned Tuesday morning and were unable to reach a verdict. Unable to reach a verdict, the trial judge allowed the jurors to go home that evening. On Wednesday morning, the jury assembled and returned a verdict of guilty. On appeal, which of the following is Billy's strongest issue for seeking a reversal?","score":1,"choices":["The fact that the jury was allowed to go home after being sworn.","The fact that the jurors did not begin to consider evidence until several days after they were empaneled.","The fact that the jury was allowed to go home after they began deliberations.","The fact that the trial began on a holiday weekend.","The fact that the jury was not given enough time to deliberate.","The fact that the jury was sequestered for only one night.","The fact that the jury took several days to return a verdict.","The fact that the jury returned a verdict of guilty.","The fact that the jury did not start deliberating until the following week.","The fact that the trial began late in the afternoon."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1166,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The gang leader did not directly participate in the robbery, so he cannot be charged as an accomplice or accessory before the fact. He was also not involved in coercion, aggravated assault, or conspiracy to commit robbery. However, by accepting and keeping the stolen watch, he committed the crime of theft by receiving stolen property.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A new gang member, hoping to impress the gang's leader, pointed a gun at a pedestrian and ordered her to give him her expensive watch, which she did. The gang member then tossed the watch to the gang leader, who was standing nearby. Although totally surprised by this act, the gang leader put the watch in his pocket. The pedestrian ran away. What crime did the gang leader commit?","score":0,"choices":["Accomplice to robbery.","Accessory before the fact to robbery.","Coercion.","No crime, as he did not directly participate in the robbery.","Theft by receiving.","Accessory after the fact to robbery.","Aggravated assault.","Grand larceny.","Conspiracy to commit robbery."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1167,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. At common law, burglary is defined as breaking and entering the dwelling of another at night with the intent to commit a felony inside. Robbery is defined as taking property from another person by force or threat of force. The perpetrator broke into the man's apartment (burglary) and then used a gun to force the man to hand over money (robbery). Trespassing is not necessary to consider separately since it is encompassed within burglary in this context.\nAnswer: A","question":"A man is at home in his apartment, alone, late at night. Someone repeatedly buzzes his apartment ringer outside the building, but he doesn't answer it because he is very tired and wants to sleep. Later he hears the door to his apartment being kicked in and he is immediately accosted by a man with a gun, who waves the gun at him and says, \"You are getting me your cash or else.\" The man opens his safe and turns over the money. The perpetrator absconds with the money but is picked up by the police a few minutes later. What common law crimes has the perpetrator probably committed?","score":1,"choices":["Robbery and burglary.","Robbery, burglary and attempted murder.","Burglary, robbery, and trespassing.","Aggravated assault and robbery.","Attempted murder and trespassing.","Burglary and attempted murder.","Robbery and attempted murder.","Robbery and assault.","Trespassing and armed robbery."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1168,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal procedure for help. The plain view doctrine allows law enforcement officers to seize evidence without a warrant if it is clearly visible, they are lawfully present at the location where the evidence can be plainly viewed, and they have a lawful right of access to the object. However, the doctrine requires that the incriminating nature of the item be immediately apparent. In this case, the officer did not immediately recognize the items as stolen property and had to conduct further investigation by moving and turning over the pieces.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Immediately after a shooting incident, the police chased one of the shooters into an apartment where he was apprehended and arrested. While in the apartment, a detective noticed some antique furniture that seemed of collectors' quality and was out of place in the squalidly furnished quarters. He moved and turned over the pieces to look for markings and insignia. He called headquarters, and was told that items with those markings and descriptions were stolen from a museum six months earlier. He seized the items and arrested another occupant, who claimed he owned the items, on charges of burglary. That suspect filed a motion to suppress based on there being a warrantless search without probable cause. The police relied on the plain view doctrine. Will the court likely suppress the evidence?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, the evidence will be suppressed because the officer did not immediately recognize the items as stolen property.","No, the evidence was properly seized because the officer had a right to investigate it further once he had properly entered the apartment under exigent circumstances.","No, the evidence will not be suppressed because the officer had a reasonable suspicion that the items were stolen.","No, the evidence will not be suppressed because the officer was in a place where he was legally allowed to be when he observed the antique furniture.","Yes, the evidence must be suppressed because the plain view doctrine does not apply to items that are not immediately identifiable as contraband or evidence of a crime.","Yes, the evidence will be suppressed because the police had no warrant to search the apartment for additional evidence.","No, the evidence was subject to further search and seizure because it was in plain view and the officer had a reasonable suspicion that it was contraband.","Yes, the evidence must be suppressed because the plain view doctrine does not apply where the officer had no probable cause to believe that the observed item was contraband.","Yes, the evidence will be suppressed because the police can never search a personal residence or seize any unrelated items after entering for exigent circumstances dealing with something else.","No, the evidence will not be suppressed because the plain view doctrine allows an officer to seize any item that he or she believes is evidence of a crime."],"correct":"H","answer":"E"}
{"number":1169,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The jury assigned 25% of the fault to the driver of the car and 20% to the driver of the truck. The total damages awarded were $100,000. Since the driver of the car paid $45,000, which is more than his share of $25,000, he can seek contribution from the driver of the truck for their share of the fault. The driver of the truck was found to be 20% at fault, which corresponds to $20,000.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A traffic accident occurred at a road intersection. A motorcycle, a car, and a truck were involved. The motorcyclist was injured and brought suit against the driver of the car and the driver of the truck. The jury returned a verdict finding that the motorcyclist's injuries were caused by negligence on the part of all three of the parties. The jury assigned 55 percent of the fault for the motorcyclist's injuries to the motorcyclist, 25 percent to the driver of the car, and 20 percent to the driver of the truck. The jury found that the amount of the motorcyclist's injuries was$100,000. The motorcyclist enforces the judgment against the driver of the car and collects $45,000 from the driver of the car. If the driver of the car then brings an action against the driver of the truck for contribution, the driver of the car should","score":1,"choices":["recover $5,000.","recover $45,000, the amount he paid to the motorcyclist.","recover $35,000.","recover $25,000.","recover nothing, as he has already collected from the motorcyclist.","recover $20,000.","recover nothing, because he was more at fault than the driver of the truck.","recover $27,000.","recover $15,000.","recover $30,000."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1170,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on Miranda rights and the exclusionary rule for help. The key issue here is whether the second statement, given after a proper Miranda warning and waiver, is tainted by the initial unwarned statement. According to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Oregon v. Elstad (1985), a subsequent confession made after a proper Miranda warning is generally admissible, even if an earlier unwarned statement was obtained, provided that the subsequent confession was made voluntarily and with full awareness of rights.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man was standing on a street corner when a police officer approached him. The officer gently grabbed the man's arm and said, \"Hey, I want to talk to you. \" The man responded, \"About what . . . I'm in a hurry to go home and watch the baseball game. \" The officer then remarked, \"Listen, what were you doing at the liquor store last week?\" The man stated, \"All right, man, I was there during the robbery. \" Whereupon, the officer placed the man under arrest and charged him with robbery. The man was taken to police headquarters where he was booked. For the first time, he was given his Miranda warnings. He then waived his rights and confessed to being an accessory during the liquor store robbery. Afterward, the court appointed an attorney to represent the man. The attorney moved to suppress both statements the man gave to the police. The trial court granted the motion with respect to the first statement as a violation of Miranda. The man's attorney now moves to suppress the secondstatement given at the police headquarters. This motion should be","score":0,"choices":["granted, because the man didn't have an attorney present during the second statement.","not granted, because the first statement doesn't affect the legality of the second.","not granted, because the second statement was volunteered after a knowing Miranda waiver.","not granted, because the man had already confessed to the crime.","not granted, because the man willingly gave the second statement.","granted, because the first statement was excluded, and the second statement is tainted.","granted, because the man was not informed of his rights before the second statement.","not granted, because the Miranda warning was correctly given before the second statement.","granted, because the man was under duress during the second statement.","granted, because the second statement was the fruit of the first statement."],"correct":"J","answer":"C"}
{"number":1171,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Conversion is an intentional tort that involves the wrongful possession or disposition of another's personal property. It requires interference with ownership or right of possession to personal property, which is not the case here. The issue at hand involves false statements causing economic harm, which falls under defamation rather than conversion.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An owner of a pizza and Italian foods restaurant opens a new location on a street where another owner has a burger restaurant. It seems like business is slow for the pizza place owner and he eyes up his competitor, the burger man, as the reason. The pizza owner starts to make false statements about the burger restaurant and its inferior ingredients, which he says have been causing ptomaine poisoning in some of the customers. When burger joint owner loses customers and business income to pizza place owner, can he sue for conversion?","score":1,"choices":["No, because conversion consists of appropriating another's real property.","No, because the burger owner failed to prove that the pizza owner's statements were false.","No, because there was no interference with his ownership or right of possession to his personal property.","No, because the pizza owner has the right to advertise his business as he sees fit.","No, because the burger owner did not suffer any physical harm or damage to his property.","Yes, conversion is an intentional tort and the pizza owner acted intentionally to convert and did convert part of the burger business.","Yes, because the pizza owner committed a tort of defamation, which is a form of conversion.","Yes, because the pizza owner's actions caused economic harm to the burger owner.","Yes, because the pizza owner violated the burger owner's right to a fair competition.","Yes, because the pizza owner interfered with his right of peaceful enjoyment and disrupted his business activities."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1172,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on standards of review for help. When reviewing a trial court's decision to admit or exclude evidence, appellate courts typically use the \"abuse of discretion\" standard. This standard is applied because the trial court is considered to be in the best position to evaluate the relevance and potential prejudice of evidence presented during the trial.\nAnswer: A","question":"A student at a private university sued the university in fed-eral court for negligence after he fell from scaffolding in a university-owned theater building. At trial, after briefing from both parties, the court permitted the jury to hear testimony that there had been several previous accidents in the same building. The jury found for the student, and the university appealed. One of the university's arguments on appeal is that the testimony about the previous accidents should have been excluded as irrelevant and highly prejudicial. Which standard of review applies to this argument?","score":1,"choices":["Abuse of discretion.","Probable cause.","Harmless error.","Preponderance of the evidence.","Inevitable discovery.","Manifest injustice.","Fair and reasonable.","De novo.","Substantial evidence.","Clearly erroneous."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1173,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The commissioner's testimony about what his predecessor told him is hearsay because it is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. Hearsay is generally inadmissible unless it falls within a recognized exception. In this case, the testimony could be relevant to show the commissioner's state of mind and lack of criminal intent, which is crucial in a criminal case involving embezzlement.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A commissioner of a sports league was charged with embezzling funds by increasing the amount of his allocated travel expenses without the approval of a majority of the team owners. In accordance with the bylaws of the league's charter, the commissioner was required to obtain the approval of at least half the owners before raising his expense allocation. At trial, the commissioner seeks to testify that his predecessor told him that he had authority under the league's charter to raise his expense allocation. The commissioner's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, to show the precedent set by the predecessor.","inadmissible, because it is second-hand information.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because the league's charter is the best evidence.","admissible, as it can prove the commissioner's innocence.","inadmissible, because the predecessor's statement cannot be verified.","admissible, to show that the commissioner lacked criminal intent.","inadmissible, as it is not relevant to the case.","admissible as evidence of the routine practice of an organization.","admissible, as it gives insight into the league's charter interpretation."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1174,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on medical malpractice and tort law for help. In a wrongful death action, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant owed a duty of care, breached that duty, and that the breach caused the death. Here, the doctor knew about the hospital's rule requiring written orders for blood transfusions but chose to give an oral order instead. This deviation from established protocol could be seen as a breach of duty. However, the immediate cause of death was the error made by the blood bank in sending mislabeled blood, which was not directly under the doctor's control.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"On Thanksgiving Day, a father was carving a turkey for his family when he seriously cut his hand. The knife severed an artery, causing the father to lose a lot of blood. The mother telephoned their family doctor, who instructed her to drive the father to the local hospital. The doctor indicated that he would meet them there. A short time later at the hospital, the doctor treated the father and bandaged his hand. However, due to the fact that the father had lost a considerable amount of blood, the doctor ordered an immediate blood transfusion. After determining that the father's blood type was A-positive, the doctor orally instructed a nurse, who was employed by the hospital, to obtain the necessary blood for the transfusion. The nurse followed the doctor's instructions and telephoned the hospital's blood bank department and ordered a unit of A-positive blood. The person in the blood bank who received the nurse's call correctly wrote down the order for A-positive blood. However, someone working at the blood bank, whose identity cannot be determined, made an error in filling the order and labeling the unit of blood for the father. As a result, the blood bank sent a unit of B-positive blood mislabeled as A-positive blood. After being administered the wrong blood, the father died. The hospital has a written rule in effect whereby all orders for blood transfusions must be made in writing by the physician in charge of the patient's treatment. Although the doctor was aware of the hospital rule, he, like many other doctors at the hospital, frequently ordered blood transfusions by oral instructions. If the mother asserts a wrongful death action against the doctor, she will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the doctor would be responsible for the blood bank's error in administering the wrong blood.","not prevail, because the unidentified person in the blood bank who was responsible for sending the wrong blood type was not an employee of the doctor.","not prevail, because the hospital, not the doctor, is responsible for the errors of its employees.","prevail, because the doctor had a duty of care to ensure the correct blood type was administered.","prevail, because the doctor's failure to follow the hospital's rules indirectly led to the father's death.","not prevail, because the doctor did not personally administer the wrong blood type.","not prevail, because the doctor acted in the same fashion as many other doctors at the hospital.","not prevail, because the doctor gave correct instructions to the nurse.","prevail, because the doctor did not follow the hospital's rule regarding blood transfusion orders.","prevail, because the doctor should have ensured that the nurse followed the hospital's rule for blood transfusion orders."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1175,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Larceny is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. In this case, the tenant initially believed that the bookcase was a fixture, which would mean it became part of the realty and thus the landlord's property. However, he removed it anyway.\n\nThe key issue here is whether the tenant had the right to remove what he considered a fixture. If it is indeed a fixture, it belongs to the landlord, and removing it without permission could be considered larceny. The tenant's belief about the nature of the bookcase (whether it was a fixture or not) does not change its legal status.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A tenant was cleaning out the bedroom of his apartment as his lease had expired. He carried out his waterbed, dresser, and all of his clothes. As the tenant inspected the room one last time, he noticed a bookcase that he had screwed into the wall when he first moved in. While he pondered whether to remove the bookcase, the tenant concluded that it constituted a fixture and, therefore, was a permanent part of the realty. Nonetheless, the tenant decided that the bookcase would fit nicely in his new apartment, so he removed it from the bedroom wall. When the landlord learned that the tenant had removed the bookcase, he contacted the tenant and demanded that he return it to the apartment. The tenant refused. If the tenant is subsequently prosecuted for larceny, he will most likely be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because removal of the bookcase caused damage to the property.","not guilty, because the bookcase was not permanently affixed to the property.","guilty, because the tenant did not have the right to remove fixtures from the property.","not guilty, because the bookcase was a fixture.","guilty, because the chattel was the personal property of the landlord.","not guilty, because the tenant cannot be found guilty of theft for removing his own property.","guilty, because severance of the bookcase from the wall was sufficient asportation to constitute larceny.","guilty, because the tenant did not obtain consent from the landlord to remove the bookcase.","not guilty, because the landlord did not explicitly state that the bookcase could not be removed."],"correct":"D","answer":"C"}
{"number":1176,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress (IIED) requires that the defendant's conduct be outrageous and extreme, that the conduct intentionally or recklessly causes severe emotional distress, and that the plaintiff suffers severe emotional distress as a result. However, for a third party to claim IIED, typically they must be present at the scene of the outrageous conduct.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man with a long history of criminal violence who is a psychopathic personality, often enjoys the act of mercilessly brutalizing innocent elderly people by physical torture that is heinous and shocking. He decides to torture the victim's father for no good reason. After the beating, the father is hospitalized and in intensive care. The victim was not present but read about it in the newspaper and heard about it from the authorities. Victim suffered extreme emotional distress and required medical treatment. Can victim bring a successful action against perpetrator for intentional infliction of emotional distress? (IIED)","score":1,"choices":["No, because the perpetrator did not directly inflict emotional distress on the victim.","Yes, because the perpetrator had a history of violent behavior.","No, because victim was not present at the time that the outrageous behavior occurred.","Yes, because in torture cases there is strict liability imposed on the perpetrator.","No, because perpetrator did not know that the father had immediate family members.","No, because the victim did not suffer any physical injuries.","Yes, because the father's hospitalization was a direct result of the perpetrator's actions.","No, because the victim learned about the incident through a third party.","Yes, because the victim had to seek medical treatment due to the emotional distress caused."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1177,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has consistently held that prior restraints on speech and publication are the most serious and least tolerable infringement on First Amendment rights. In the landmark case of \"Near v. Minnesota\" (1931), the Court held that prior restraints are generally unconstitutional. Additionally, in \"Nebraska Press Association v. Stuart\" (1976), the Court ruled that a prior restraint on media coverage of a criminal trial was unconstitutional because it violated the First Amendment.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"During a three-month period, a city was stunned by a series of mysterious deaths, which claimed the lives of 20 people. Although all the victims had apparently died from poisoning, the police were in a quandary as to who was responsible for the killings. There was finally a breakthrough in the investigation when a police toxicologist determined that all the victims had died after eating poisoned apples which had been purchased at a local market. The apples had all been contaminated with a pesticide. The police then received a letter from a person who claimed responsibility for the poisonings. The letter stated that the killings were in retaliation for the city's new policy of prosecuting toxic polluters. Acting upon an anonymous tip, the police arrested the owner of a pest control company engaged in the manufacture of pesticides, and charged him with 20 counts of murder. Thereafter, the city's largest newspaper ran a series of articles on the killings and referred to the owner as the pesticide poisoner. After the preliminary hearing, the state trial judge issued an exparte injunction against the newspaper prohibiting it from publishing any news during the trial that might be prejudicial to the owner. The newspaper appealed. In light of the U. S. Supreme Court cases to date, the state appellate court should","score":0,"choices":["uphold the injunction, because the inference of guilt in any prejudicial coverage would deny the defendant his constitutional right of a fair trial.","uphold the injunction, because the newspaper can run stories about the case after the trial is over.","dissolve the injunction, because the newspaper's reporting is protected under the First Amendment.","dissolve the injunction, because the freedom of the press should be upheld regardless of the potential impact on the trial.","dissolve the injunction, because the newspaper has the right to publish any information it deems newsworthy.","uphold the injunction, because it protects the defendant's right to a fair and unbiased trial.","dissolve the injunction, because a news story about a matter of public interest is absolutely privileged.","uphold the injunction, because reference to the defendant by the name pesticide poisoner would be inflammatory and prejudicial.","uphold the injunction, because it prevents the newspaper from potentially influencing the jury's decision."],"correct":"G","answer":"C"}
{"number":1178,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the recording statute and its implications. The statute provides that unrecorded instruments are void against subsequent purchasers who paid value and were without notice. Since the grantor's sons received the property as a gift (and not as purchasers who paid value), they are not protected by the recording statute. Therefore, the brother's deed, even though recorded later, would still be valid against them.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A deed executed by a grantor conveyed his property for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my brother for life, then to the heirs of my brother. \" A life interest in the property for the life of the brother is worth $20,000 on the date of the conveyance. The total worth of the property is $50,000. The brother accepted but didn't record the deed. The recording statute in this jurisdiction provided \"unless recorded, all written instruments affecting title to land are void as to subsequent purchasers who paid value and without notice. \"Four years later, the grantor purported to convey his property in fee simple absolute to his two sons, by a warranty deed, as a gift. The two sons recorded the deed. Shortly thereafter, the brother ascertained that the grantor's sons were about to take possession of the property. As a consequence, the brother promptly recorded his deed. In a dispute between the brother and the grantor's children as to the ownership of the property, if the brother prevails it will be because","score":1,"choices":["the brother paid valuable consideration for his deed.","the grantor's knowledge is imputed to his children.","the brother is the grantor's sibling.","the grantor's sons are not protected by the recording statute.","the grantor's sons did not have a valid claim to the property.","the brother had a life interest in the property.","the brother recorded his deed before the grantor's children sought to oust him from the land.","the brother's deed was not void due to the recording statute.","the property's total worth was more than the life interest of the brother."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1179,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but it primarily applies to governmental actions. In this case, the initial search and seizure were conducted by a private individual (the wife), not by the police or any government entity. The exclusionary rule, which prevents illegally obtained evidence from being used in court, does not apply to private individuals unless they are acting as agents of the government. Since the wife acted independently and then called the police after discovering the cocaine, the husband's motion should be denied.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A wife was divorced from her husband. The wife and the husband had a daughter who was 12 years of age. The daughter lived with the wife, but the husband frequently visited his daughter at her house. One morning, the husband came to his ex-wife's home to see his daughter. He and his daughter were outside on the patio chatting when the wife noticed her ex-husband's briefcase lying on the kitchen floor. The husband had entered the house carrying his briefcase, which he placed down before going out to see his daughter on the patio. Seeing the briefcase, the wife decided to open it. Inside she found a large envelope. She decided to keep it, thinking it contained money. Later that night after her ex-husband left, she opened the envelope and found a large amount of cocaine. The wife called the police who came and confiscated the drugs. The husband was subsequently charged with possession of cocaine. The husband has filed a motion to exclude the cocaine from being introduced into evidence. His motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police failed to secure a search warrant before the seizure of the cocaine.","denied, because the wife had the right to open the briefcase left in her house.","denied, because the husband left the briefcase in the kitchen in plain view.","denied, because the police were called after the cocaine was found.","denied, because the husband had no reasonable expectation of privacy at his ex-wife's home.","denied, because the initial seizure was made by a private individual.","granted, because the cocaine was found in his personal briefcase.","granted, because the husband did not give consent for the briefcase to be opened.","granted, because the wife had no right to open the briefcase without the husband's permission.","granted, because the seizure violated the husband's right of privacy."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1180,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The girlfriend initially agreed to be part of the robbery, making her an accomplice. However, she changed her mind and fled before the crime was committed, abandoning her role in the getaway. \n\nFor the pedestrian's death, we need to consider if the girlfriend's actions directly contributed to it. Since she fled before the robbery and did not participate in the actual crime or the subsequent events leading to the pedestrian's death, she lacks direct causation.\n\nGiven that she withdrew from the crime before it was committed and did not contribute to the fatal accident, she should not be held criminally liable for the pedestrian's death.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"After weeks of deliberation, a boyfriend decided to embark on his plan to rob a bank. As part of his scheme, the boyfriend enlisted his girlfriend, who agreed to drive the getaway car. On the day of the robbery, the girlfriend and the boyfriend drove to the bank. After the girlfriend parked outside and the boyfriend went into the bank, she saw a security guard in the bank and changed her mind and fled on foot, leaving the keys in the car with the motor running. A few minutes later, the boyfriend went into the bank, robbed it, and then ran back to the car. He drove off and was speeding away from the bank when he looked behind to see if he was being followed. As he took his eye off the road, the boyfriend's vehicle struck a pedestrian who was crossing the street, killing her. For the pedestrian's death, the girlfriend should be found guilty of which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":0,"choices":["Murder.","No crime.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Negligent homicide.","Conspiracy to commit murder.","Attempted murder.","Second degree murder.","Accessory after the fact.","Voluntary manslaughter."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":1181,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. To be guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary, the defendant must have knowledge of the crime and intentionally assist in its commission. In this case, the defendant did not know about the burglary when he drove the two men to and from the house, so he cannot be found guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary.\n\nHowever, receiving stolen property requires that the defendant knowingly received or possessed stolen property with intent to permanently deprive the owner of it. Since the defendant accepted $500 from the two men after learning about the burglary, he can be found guilty of receiving stolen property.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Knowing that a homeowner was away on vacation, two men decided to burglarize her home. Since they didn't have a car, the men asked the defendant to drive them to the home. The two men did not tell the defendant what they intended to do there. The defendant drove them to the house. While the defendant waited in the car, the two men entered the home by using a master key to unlock the front door. They then stole several items of expensive jewelry from the bedroom. Concealing the jewelry in their pockets, they left the house and got back into the defendant's car. Unaware of the theft, the defendant drove the two men back to their apartments. The next day, the two men pawned the jewelry for $5,000. Two weeks later, the two men gave the defendant $500 and told him for the first time about the burglary. The defendant kept the money and did not report the theft to the police. If the defendant is subsequently prosecuted, he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary but not guilty of receiving stolen property.","not guilty of receiving stolen property but guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary.","guilty of receiving stolen property but not guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary.","guilty of burglary, receiving stolen property, and aiding and abetting a burglary.","guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary and of receiving stolen property.","guilty of burglary and of receiving stolen property.","guilty of burglary but not guilty of receiving stolen property.","not guilty of either burglary or receiving stolen property.","not guilty of burglary but guilty of aiding and abetting a burglary."],"correct":"H","answer":"C"}
{"number":1183,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but it allows for searches if voluntary consent is given. The key issue here is whether the consent was voluntary. Courts generally look at the totality of the circumstances to determine voluntariness, including the absence of coercion or duress. In this scenario, the officer did not use any coercive tactics, and the driver willingly consented to the search. The fact that the officer did not inform the driver of his right to refuse does not automatically make the consent involuntary.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"An officer stopped a car for having a burned out headlight and license plate light. When the driver could not produce a driver's license, the officer asked him if he minded if they searched the vehicle. The officer did not advise the driver that he had a right to refuse consent or that if he refused his decision would be honored, but there was nothing duplicitous or coercive in the officer's conduct. The driver smiled and said \"of course, no problem.\" The officer found stolen bank checks under the rear seat. In a later suppression motion, the driver claimed that his consent was not voluntary. What will the court most likely decide on that issue?","score":1,"choices":["The consent was voluntarily given and was not the result of coercion or duress.","The consent was involuntary because the officer did not have a warrant to search the car.","The consent was involuntary because it was the product of implied duress.","The consent was involuntary because the driver did not explicitly say the words \"I consent.\"","The consent was involuntary because the officer found stolen bank checks in the car.","The consent was involuntary because the officer did not advise the driver of his right to refuse.","The consent became voluntary as a matter of law when the driver failed to produce a driver's license.","The consent was voluntary because the officer asked politely.","The consent was voluntarily given because the driver smiled and was cooperative.","The consent was involuntary as the driver was not informed about the consequences of refusal."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1184,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The husband intended to harm his friend but did not intend to kill him, which could be considered attempted manslaughter rather than murder. However, he acted with reckless disregard for human life by firing a loaded shotgun into an occupied house, which can be classified as reckless endangerment. The friend's wife was injured as a result of this reckless act, which could lead to a charge of assault.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"One evening, a husband received a telephone call from an unidentified source who informed him that his wife was having an affair with his friend. As a result, the husband drove to his friend's house with a loaded shotgun. Believing that his friend was in an upstairs bedroom, the husband fired the shotgun through the dining room window, as he only wanted to teach him a lesson. Unbeknownst to the husband, his friend's wife was in the dining room and suffered a minor gunshot wound. The husband should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty of assault on his friend's wife only.","guilty of attempted murder of both his friend and his friend's wife.","guilty of reckless endangerment of both his friend and his friend's wife.","guilty of attempted murder of his friend's wife only.","guilty of attempted murder of his friend only.","guilty of attempted murder of his friend and assault on his friend's wife.","guilty of attempted manslaughter of both his friend and his friend's wife.","guilty of attempted manslaughter of his friend only.","not guilty of attempted murder of either his friend or his friend's wife.","not guilty due to lack of intent to kill."],"correct":"I","answer":"C"}
{"number":1185,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Contracts Clause for help. The Contracts Clause of the U.S. Constitution prohibits states from passing any law that retroactively impairs contract rights. However, it does not apply to future contracts or to laws that do not impair existing contracts. In this case, the woman does not have an existing contract that is being impaired by the new law; rather, she is being prevented from entering into new contracts due to the certification requirement.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A state in which several popular ski resorts are located has enacted a law requiring state certification of ski instructors. Under the law, applicants for certification must attend a monthlong course, pass a test, and pay a fee of $1,000. The stated purpose of the law is to \"promote uniformity in the methods of ski instruction at the state's ski areas.\" Shortly before the law's enactment, when the state did not require certification of ski instructors, a woman moved to the state intending to find employment as a ski instructor. The woman had been a ski instructor in another state for many years. But since her move, even though ski resorts in the state have found her to be highly qualified, no resort will offer her a contract for employment as a ski instructor because she has not received the required state certification. As applied to the woman, does the state certification requirement constitute a violation of the contracts clause?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the requirement substantially impairs her ability to contract for employment in the absence of an important government objective.","Yes, because the law was enacted after she moved to the state.","No, because the law is necessary for the safety of skiers.","No, because her ability to contract for employment with the state is not being impaired.","Yes, because the law restricts her freedom to engage in her profession.","Yes, because, as applied to an otherwise qualified ski instructor, the requirement is not rationally related to a legitimate government interest.","Yes, because the certification requirement is too costly and time-consuming.","No, because the certification requirement is intended to standardize ski instruction.","No, because she has no existing contract that is being impaired.","No, because the law applies to all ski instructors equally."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1186,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The agreement specifies that each monthly delivery is a separate contract, which means the overall agreement can be seen as multiple contracts. However, the best interpretation of this type of arrangement in legal terms is an installment contract, where goods are delivered and paid for in installments over a period of time.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A widget manufacturer and a widget retailer signed the following agreement:\"The manufacturer promises to sell and the retailer promises to buy 10,000 widgets at $50 per 100. One thousand widgets are to be delivered by the manufacturer on the first day of each of the next 10 months. EACH MONTHLY DELIVERY ISA SEPARATE CONTRACT. Payment to be made within 10 days of receipt of each shipment. \"The agreement between the manufacturer and the retailer may best be interpreted as","score":1,"choices":["a bilateral contract.","a periodic contract.","10 separate contracts.","a contract of adhesion.","a conditional contract.","a requirements-output contract.","a divisible contract.","a unilateral contract.","a void contract.","an installment contract."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1187,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Statute of Limitations in this jurisdiction states that an action to recover possession of land must be brought within 21 years after the cause accrued, with an extension if the person entitled to bring the action is a minor or of unsound mind. The nephew, born on October 1, 1954, would have reached the age of majority (21) on October 1, 1975. Therefore, he had until October 1, 1985 (10 years after reaching majority) to bring an action to recover the land. Since no such action was taken, the statute of limitations expired on October 1, 1985.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A buyer signed a contract to purchase a tract of land from a seller. The contract was signed on May 1, 2006, and the closing is set for June 15, 2006. The land was located in a jurisdiction that has in force the following statute:Statute of Limitations Â€Â”\"an action to recover the possession of land shall be brought within twenty- one (21) years after the cause thereof accrued, but if a person who is entitled to bring such action at the time the cause accrued is within the age of minority (under 21) or of unsound mind, such action may be brought within ten (10) years after such disability is removed. \"This statute was enacted in the jurisdiction in 1930. The land in question had been owned by a rancher in 1960. On September 1, 1960, the rancher died intestate, leaving his nephew as his only heir. The nephew had been born on October 1, 1954. In addition, there is a deed from the rancher's administrator to the seller dated November 1, 1960, which the latter recorded on the same date. During his title search, the buyer learned that the administrator had never obtained any license to sell the land in question; and also he (the administrator) never formally received the approval of any court with respect to the administration of the rancher's estate. Moreover, the buyer ascertained that the seller entered into possession of the land in question on November 1, 1960. On the assumption that there are no additional facts, the buyer should be advised that the seller became or will become the owner of the land in question","score":1,"choices":["on June 15, 2006.","when the nephew reached the age of 21.","when the administrator received court approval for the sale.","on May 1, 2006.","on September 1, 1960.","on October 1, 1985.","when the statute of limitations expired.","on November 12, 1981.","when the nephew dies.","on November 1, 1960."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1188,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. For a counterclaim of negligence to be successful, the defendant must show that the plaintiff owed a duty of care, breached that duty, and caused the harm. In this case, the passenger was smoking marijuana but was not sharing it with the driver and did not actively contribute to the driver's falling asleep. The driver's falling asleep is more likely attributable to his own actions rather than the passenger's smoking. Therefore, the court is likely to dismiss the counterclaim because the passenger did not do enough to contribute to the cause of the accident.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A vehicle operator was driving on a highway at night. His girlfriend was in the passenger seat. They were returning from a college night class. She was smoking marijuana, blowing it out the open window, and not sharing it with the driver. The driver fell asleep, causing the car to veer off the highway and go into a ditch where it landed upside-down. Both the driver and passenger were seriously injured. She sued the operator for negligence. The operator filed a counterclaim asking for damages against the passenger by arguing that the passenger was herself negligent by \"smoking weed\" and causing him to fall asleep. Is the court likely to grant the passenger's motion to dismiss the counterclaim?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the passenger was breaking the law, making her negligent per se.","Yes, because the passenger was not actively participating in a joint enterprise and did not do enough to contribute to the cause of the accident.","No, because the driver has the right to file a counterclaim and it should be considered by the court.","No, because the passenger was aware of the driver's state and should have taken steps to prevent the accident.","No, because the passenger was acting irresponsibly and put both herself and the driver at risk.","Yes, because the law does not recognize the effects of secondhand marijuana smoke as a valid cause of accidents.","No, because the driver has properly alleged a joint enterprise situation where the passenger is liable for her share of the negligence in causing the accident."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1189,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Rule in Shelley's Case would have merged the life estate and the remainder, giving the nephew a fee simple absolute, but it has been abolished in this jurisdiction. Therefore, the nephew only has a life estate and cannot convey a fee simple absolute. The remainder to his heirs is a future interest that does not vest until his death. Thus, he cannot sell more than he owns, which is just a life estate.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A grantor conveyed her mansion and surrounding property to her nephew \"for life, remainder after (the nephew's) death to his heirs. \" Two years later, the nephew entered into a real estate agreement for the sale of the property to his brother, whereby the nephew agreed to convey the premises to the brother in fee simple absolute. Prior to the settlement date, the brother contacted the nephew, telling him that he would not perform his part of the agreement because the nephew could not convey a fee simple. The Rule in Shelley's Case has been abolished by statute in this jurisdiction. Thus, the nephew's prayer for specific performance would be","score":0,"choices":["denied, because the remainder to the nephew's heirs is a contingent interest.","granted, because the nephew has the right to sell his life estate.","denied, because the nephew cannot convey a larger estate than he possesses.","denied, because the nephew's interest is limited to his lifetime and he cannot transfer a fee simple absolute.","denied, because the Rule would not be triggered, thus creating only a life estate in the nephew.","granted, because the nephew's life estate combined with his vested remainder gives him a fee simple.","denied, because under the Doctrine of Worthier Title, at the termination of the nephew's life estate, the grantor has a reversionary interest.","granted, because the nephew's heirs receive a vested indefeasible interest in the property.","granted, because the nephew has a vested remainder in fee simple absolute.","granted, because the remainder in his heirs would become vested into a full fee in those heirs."],"correct":"E","answer":"C"}
{"number":1190,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a modification to an existing contract generally requires consideration to be enforceable. Consideration is something of value exchanged between the parties. However, there are exceptions where modifications can be enforceable without new consideration if they are fair and equitable in light of unforeseen circumstances. Here, the price increase of structural steel due to tornado damage was an unforeseen event, and the parties orally agreed to modify the contract price.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A company contracted with a builder to construct a new corporate headquarters for a fixed price of $100 million. At the time of the contract, structural steel was widely available and was included in the contract as a $6 million item. Before work began on the project, tornado damage shut down the production facility of the biggest structural steel supplier in the country, and the price of structural steel increased by 20% as a result. The builder informed the company of the steel price increase, and the parties then orally agreed to increase the project price to $101 million. The builder proceeded with construction and delivered the project on time. The company paid the builder $100 million but refused to pay the additional $1 million. If the builder sues the company for $1 million, is the builder likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the price change of structural steel was not significant enough to warrant a contract modification.","No, because there was no consideration for the modification of the contract.","No, because the modification was never reduced to a writing signed by the party to be charged.","No, because the company did not sign a new contract reflecting the price change.","Yes, because the modification was fair and equitable in view of the unanticipated increase in the price of structural steel.","Yes, because the builder completed the project on time despite the unforeseen circumstances.","Yes, because the builder had no control over the price increase of structural steel.","Yes, because the companyÃ•s promise was supported by consideration.","Yes, because the company was aware of the price increase and verbally agreed to it.","No, because the builder should have anticipated potential price fluctuations in materials."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1191,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to levy taxes, and the purpose of raising revenue is generally considered a legitimate government interest. However, the tax on birth control devices could be challenged on the grounds that it infringes upon the fundamental right to privacy, as established in cases like Griswold v. Connecticut and Roe v. Wade, which protect individuals' rights to make decisions about contraception and family planning without undue government interference. Therefore, imposing a tax specifically on birth control devices could be seen as an undue burden on this fundamental right without a compelling national interest.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"As a legislative aide to a U. S. Senator you are called upon to provide an analysis of the constitutionality of a bill pending congressional approval. The bill imposes a 15% tax upon the gross annual receipts from the sales of all birth control devices. The bill has the strong support of conservative and pro-life organizations. The stated purpose of the proposed measure is to raise revenue and spur population growth across the country. In your learned opinion, the proposed tax is probably","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because the fact that the tax applies to all sales of every type of birth control device invalidates any possible objection to the tax on the grounds that it violates the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the rights of businesses to operate freely in the market.","unconstitutional, because it unfairly targets a specific industry, which violates the principle of fair trade.","unconstitutional, because in inseverable aggregates, the domestic purchases and sales of birth control devices affect interstate and foreign commerce.","unconstitutional, because it may disproportionately affect lower-income individuals who rely on these devices for family planning.","constitutional, because the tax applies universally to all forms of birth control devices, and thus does not single out any particular group or entity for discrimination.","constitutional, because it is within the government's rights to levy taxes to generate revenue, regardless of the potential social implications.","unconstitutional, because the tax burdens the fundamental right to privacy of users of birth control devices without establishing a compelling national interest for doing so.","constitutional, because the government has the power to tax as a means of controlling population growth.","constitutional, because the fact that controversial policy motives may have induced the enactment of an otherwise reasonable measure calculated to raise revenue does not ipso facto invalidate the tax."],"correct":"J","answer":"H"}
{"number":1192,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has addressed similar issues in cases like Bethel School District No. 403 v. Fraser (1986), where the Court held that schools have the authority to prohibit the use of vulgar and offensive language in a school setting. The Court ruled that it is appropriate for schools to restrict speech that is inconsistent with their educational mission, especially when it involves vulgarity and offensive discourse.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A high school student was running for president of the student council. He was a top scholar who had been selected to be the class valedictorian. Inexplicably, he gave a campaign speech at a school assembly that was filled with graphic stories and anecdotes about the imagined sexual adventures and prowess of certain teachers and students. Several teachers and students complained. The principal suspended him for five days and retracted the valedictorian honors. The student, with his parents, sued in federal court, seeking an injunction and damages based on denial of First Amendment free speech rights. The federal courts ruled for the student but the case came before the U.S. Supreme Court for final decision. Did the Supreme Court uphold the relief granted to the student?","score":1,"choices":["No, the school exercised its appropriate function of trying to restrict the use of vulgarity and offensive discourse in a high school setting where free speech may be limited.","Yes, in today's society sexual images and sexual humor is so intertwined into the fabric of society that it is something that has to be tolerated in the interest of free speech.","Yes, the Supreme Court upheld the relief granted to the student because it was a personal expression and did not incite violence or hate.","Yes, the student's rights to free speech should be upheld regardless of the content of his speech.","Yes, despite some inconvenience to teachers and students, the immature presentation must be tolerated in deference to the need to provide platforms for free speech to students.","Yes, the school should not have the power to restrict any form of speech as it impedes on the student's rights to express themselves.","No, the student had no rights to free speech, especially considering the violent disruptions in the schools in recent years."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1193,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on Miranda rights and relevant case law for help. The key issue here is whether the man's prior invocation of his Miranda rights precludes later interrogation on a different matter after a significant time lapse. According to the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in cases like Michigan v. Mosley, a suspect's invocation of their Miranda rights does not permanently bar all future police questioning on unrelated matters, especially after a significant time lapse and if the suspect voluntarily waives their rights during the subsequent interrogation.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man was in jail after being arrested for burglary. When the police attempted to question him, the man invoked his Miranda rights and refused to answer any questions. The man was subsequently tried, convicted, and sentenced to a prison term for the burglary. Three years later, while the man was serving his prison sentence for the burglary, a police detective from a nearby town questioned him about an unsolved homicide. The detective did not know that the man had invoked Miranda at an earlier time. that the man had invoked Miranda at an earlier time. The man waived his Miranda rights and made several incriminating statements to the detective. When he was later charged with the homicide, the man moved to suppress these statements, claiming that his earlier refusal to waive his Miranda rights should have been honored. Should the court suppress the statements?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the man's prior invocation of his Miranda rights did not preclude the later interrogation.","Yes, because the man was under duress while being interrogated in prison.","Yes, because the man had earlier invoked his Miranda rights, and the police were not permitted to resume questioning, even after a time lapse of years.","Yes, because the man was not informed of his Miranda rights before the second interrogation.","No, because the man was serving a prison sentence, which nullifies his Miranda rights.","Yes, because the detective should have been informed of the man's earlier invocation of his Miranda rights.","No, because the detective was unaware that the man had originally invoked his Miranda rights.","Yes, because the man was incarcerated, and his earlier invocation of his Miranda rights shielded him from further questioning until shielded him from further questioning until he was released.","No, because the new charge of homicide is unrelated to the original burglary charge.","No, because the man willingly waived his Miranda rights during the second interrogation."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1194,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the defendant had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the public phone booth and whether the police needed a warrant to install the eavesdropping device. According to the landmark case Katz v. United States, the Supreme Court held that individuals have a reasonable expectation of privacy in a phone booth, and thus, the police would generally need a warrant to conduct such surveillance.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Police received information from a reliable informant that a defendant would be extorting money from a victim. The informant gave the police explicit details about the extortion scheme: the defendant would be calling the victim from a public phone booth on a particular street corner on a certain date and time to make the extortionist demand. Without notif'ing the telephone company or seeking a warrant, the police installed an eavesdropping device on the public phone. At the time on the date specified by the informant, the defendant phoned the victim from the telephone booth and said, \"You better pay me $5,000 by next week or I'll kill you and your family. \" The defendant provided additional details about how and where to make the payoff. Based on the taped conversation, the police arrested the defendant and charged him with extortion. Prior to trial, the defendant's attorney moves to exclude the taped conversation from evidence. The defense motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police should have obtained a court order before recording the conversation.","denied, because the police had probable cause based on the information supplied by the informant.","denied, because the defendant did not have reasonable expectation of privacy.","granted, because the police violated the defendant's rights by not informing him of the eavesdropping device.","denied, because the information from the informant was reliable and specific.","granted, because the police did not obtain prior approval of the telephone company before installing the eavesdropping device.","denied, because the threat made by the defendant was a serious crime.","granted, because the police did not secure a warrant before installing the eavesdropping device.","granted, because the defendant was not aware of the eavesdropping device.","denied, because the phone booth is a public place with no expectation of privacy."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1195,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Robbery is defined as the unlawful taking of property from another person by force or intimidation. In this case, the defendant's actions caused the store owner to fear for his safety, which led to the owner fainting. The owner's fear and subsequent fainting can be seen as a result of intimidation, even if the defendant did not explicitly threaten him. The defendant then took money from the cash register, completing the act of robbery.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant went to a convenience store intending to rob it. The defendant had a gun inside his coat pocket. When the defendant entered the store, the owner saw that he had his hand in his coat pocket. Although the owner did not actually see the gun, he noticed a bulge in the defendant's coat pocket. Paranoid because of a rash of recent robberies, the owner said, \"Please don't hurt me 11 do anything you want. \" The owner then fainted and fell to the floor. The defendant walked behind the counter and opened the cash register. He took the money from the register and left the store. If the defendant is charged with robbery, he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because the defendant entered the store with a gun in his possession.","guilty, because the owner was placed in fear.","not guilty, because the owner gave permission to take the money.","guilty, because the defendant had a weapon.","not guilty, because the defendant did not take any money from the victim's person.","not guilty, because the owner did not see the gun.","guilty, because the defendant took money from the store.","not guilty, because the owner did not directly interact with the defendant.","guilty, because the defendant intended to rob the store.","not guilty, because the defendant did not make any threat of force."],"correct":"J","answer":"B"}
{"number":1196,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Generally, temporary restraining orders (TROs) are not considered final orders and are not immediately appealable. They are intended to be short-term measures until a preliminary injunction hearing can take place. The appellate court typically requires a final judgment or order to consider an appeal. Since the TRO in this case is not a final order but rather an interim measure, the lender does not have the right to appeal it at this stage.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Two days before his home was to be sold at a foreclosure sale, a homeowner obtained a temporary restraining order (TRO) in federal court that prevented his lender from proceeding with the sale for 14 days or until a preliminary injunction hearing could take place, whichever was sooner. When a preliminary injunction hearing could not be scheduled within the original 14-day period, the court extended the TRO for another 30 days. The lender appealed the court's order extending the TRO. The homeowner has moved to dismiss the appeal. Is the appellate court likely to dismiss the appeal?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the TRO is considered a final order and therefore appealable.","No, because the lender has the right to appeal any order that prevents the foreclosure sale.","Yes, because the preliminary injunction hearing could not be scheduled within the original 14-day period.","No, because a TRO is immediately appealable.","Yes, because the lender did not have the right to appeal the TRO extension.","No, because the 30-day extension makes the TRO equivalent to a preliminary injunction and therefore appealable.","Yes, because the court did not have jurisdiction to extend the TRO.","No, because the homeowner's motion to dismiss is not valid.","Yes, because there is no final judgment from which an appeal may be taken."],"correct":"F","answer":"I"}
{"number":1197,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, conditions can be precedent, subsequent, or concurrent. A constructive condition precedent means that one party's performance is required before the other party's performance becomes due. In this case, the roofer must complete the work before the homeowner is obligated to pay. This makes the roofer's performance a constructive condition precedent to the homeowner's payment.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"After a severe thunderstorm had struck the area, a homeowner discovered that her roof had suffered extensive damage. She telephoned a roofer to inquire about having the necessary repairs done to her roof. The roofer agreed to finish the work within 30 days, and the homeowner promised to pay$10,000. Which of the following statements is most accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The contract would be unenforceable, because it was not written and signed by both parties.","The performance of the roofer would be a constructive condition precedent to the performance by the homeowner.","The performance by the homeowner would be an implied condition subsequent to the performance by the roofer.","The performance by the homeowner would be a constructive condition precedent to the performance by the roofer.","The performances of the homeowner and the roofer would be constructive concurrent conditions.","The contract would be unenforceable, because it was oral.","The performance of the roofer would be an implied condition subsequent to the performance by the homeowner.","The performances of the homeowner and the roofer would be independent conditions.","The performances of the homeowner and the roofer would be express concurrent conditions."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1198,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the confession was voluntary and if there was any police misconduct or overreaching. Voluntariness of a confession is determined by examining the totality of the circumstances, including the mental state of the defendant. However, if there is no evidence of police misconduct or coercion, the confession may still be considered voluntary even if the defendant had mental impairments.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man informed the police that he wanted to confess to a murder. After they read him his constitutional rights, he insisted that he was acting voluntarily. He then took them to the scene of the murder where they found the victim's body. By the next day, the man claimed that \"voices\" had ordered him to confess and he didn't act voluntarily. A physician verified that the man suffered from hallucinations that impaired his volitional abilities, preventing a voluntary confession. Will the court suppress the statements?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the man was suffering from hallucinations at the time of his confession.","No, there was no police misconduct or overreaching, and as a result the confession is voluntary.","No, a confession is admissible when accompanied by actions by the defendant that prove the truth of the statements.","No, because the man insisted initially that he was acting voluntarily.","Yes, because the man later retracted his confession.","Yes, the police overreached by not having him mentally evaluated before questioning him.","Yes, he was insane and could not have given a voluntary confession.","No, because the man led the police to the victim's body which supports his confession.","No, because the police read the man his constitutional rights before he confessed."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1199,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on cultural relativism for help. Cultural relativism is the idea that a person's beliefs, values, and practices should be understood based on that person's own culture, rather than be judged against the criteria of another culture. This means that all cultures are seen as having equal value and should be evaluated and understood in their own context.\nAnswer: E","question":"What is the meaning of cultural relativism?","score":0,"choices":["Cultural relativism posits that the application of human rights is relative to the laws in each nation","Cultural relativism posits that laws in each nation should validate the existence and practice of human rights","Cultural relativism posits that human rights are determined by global consensus","Culture relativism posits that human rights have a cultural origin","Cultural relativism posits that all cultures are objectively equal in value","Cultural relativism posits that human rights should be universally the same in every culture","Cultural relativism posits that human rights are determined by religious beliefs","Culture relativism posits that human rights apply equally to all without restrictions","Cultural relativism posits that the validity of human rights depends on individual beliefs","Cultural relativism posits that local culture should validate the existence and practice of all human rights"],"correct":"J","answer":"E"}
{"number":1200,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are typically not automatic and often depend on the existence of bilateral or multilateral treaties, as well as the principle of reciprocity. Courts may also exercise discretion based on these principles.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Is the recognition of foreign judgments subject to the same rules as those applicable to the incorporation and transformation of treaties?","score":1,"choices":["Foreign judgments are enforced on the basis of the doctrine of monism","Foreign judgments are enforced on the basis of the doctrine of dualism","Foreign judgments are enforced on the basis of the doctrine of incorporation","The recognition of foreign judgments is dependent on the existence of appropriate bilateral or multilateral treaties","The courts exercise discretion as to the enforcement of foreign judgments on the basis of the rule of reciprocity","Foreign judgments are automatically recognized and enforced without any additional process.","Foreign judgments are enforced on the basis of the doctrine of transformation"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1201,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Article 51 of the UN Charter recognizes the inherent right of individual or collective self-defense if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the United Nations. The term \"armed attack\" has been interpreted through various international legal cases and scholarly analysis to generally include significant instances of armed force, which can include large-scale military actions but not necessarily all types of armed force or minor incidents. It does not automatically give the right to invade the aggressor state but rather to take necessary measures in self-defense until the Security Council has taken measures to maintain international peace and security.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"What is the meaning of \"armed attack\" in Article 51 UN Charter?","score":1,"choices":["Armed attack includes all types of armed force","Armed attack includes all high intensity instances of armed force","Armed attack includes terrorist attacks","An \"armed attack\" gives the right to invade the aggressor State"],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1202,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, the \"mirror image rule\" states that an acceptance must exactly match the terms of the offer for a contract to be formed. Any deviation from the terms of the offer constitutes a counteroffer rather than an acceptance. In this case, Costco's order confirmation added a condition (loading charge) that was not in the original offer. Therefore, it would be considered a counteroffer rather than an acceptance.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Rainmaking Lawfirm regularly purchased its office supplies from catalogs. Marty Manager saw an advertising catalog from Costco offering 10,000 envelopes for $1,000 CIF. He immediately sent a purchase order which stated \"our law firm accepts your $1,000 offer for 10,000 envelopes for $1,000 CIF.\"Â Costco then sent Rainmaking an order confirmation which stated \"Envelope order acceptance conditional upon a loading charge of $50 per thousand envelopes.\" If the parties disagree on the proper contract relationship, a court would likely rule:","score":1,"choices":["A contract at $1,000 because the offer terms CIF means cost, insurance and freight including all loading charges.","A contract at $1,500 because the loading charges are to be included.","No contract because the order confirmation was a counteroffer which was not accepted.","No contract because the purchase order was the offer and, under the mirror image rule, can not be deviated from."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1203,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. When a tenant continues to pay rent after the expiration of a lease term and the landlord accepts it, this often creates a periodic tenancy (e.g., month-to-month). To terminate a periodic tenancy, the landlord must typically provide proper notice as required by state law. The student's strongest argument would be that the widow had not given the requisite notice for terminating a periodic tenancy.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A widow owned an apartment building. Several years ago, a student, in a signed writing, entered a three-year lease agreement with the widow. The student agreed to pay $800 monthly rent for the third-floor apartment in the widow's building. The original three-year term had long since expired, but the student had continued to pay his rent, and the widow continued to accept it. If the widow had chosen to evict the student immediately upon the end of the three-year period, and before she had accepted the next rent check, the student's strongest argument to prevent eviction, if true, would have been that","score":1,"choices":["the student had a right to stay as he had been residing there for more than three years.","the widow had not given the student requisitenotice for terminating a term of years.","the student had made improvements to the property, thus extending the leasehold.","the student had a verbal agreement with the widow to extend the lease.","the terms of the leasehold contract were binding on both parties.","the widow had accepted rent for the following month before the three-year period ended.","the student was protected from eviction due to his status as a student.","the widow had not clearly communicated the end of the lease term.","the widow had not given the student requisitenotice for terminating a periodic tenancy.","the leasehold contract was void ab initio."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1204,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. When a tenant continues to occupy the property after the lease term has expired and the landlord continues to accept rent, this often creates a periodic tenancy (such as month-to-month). To terminate a periodic tenancy, the landlord typically must provide proper notice as required by state law. The student's strongest argument would be that the widow had not given the requisite notice for terminating a periodic tenancy.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A widow owned an apartment building. Several years ago, a student, in a signed writing, entered a three-year lease agreement with the widow. The student agreed to pay $800 monthly rent for the third-floor apartment in the widow's building. The original three-year term had long since expired, but the student had continued to pay his rent, and the widow continued to accept it. If the widow had chosen to evict the student immediately upon the end of the three-year period, and before she had accepted the next rent check, the student's strongest argument to prevent eviction, if true, would have been that","score":1,"choices":["the student had a right to stay as he had been residing there for more than three years.","the widow had not given the student requisitenotice for terminating a term of years.","the student had made improvements to the property, thus extending the leasehold.","the student had a verbal agreement with the widow to extend the lease.","the terms of the leasehold contract were binding on both parties.","the widow had accepted rent for the following month before the three-year period ended.","the student was protected from eviction due to his status as a student.","the widow had not clearly communicated the end of the lease term.","the widow had not given the student requisitenotice for terminating a periodic tenancy.","the leasehold contract was void ab initio."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1205,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue is whether the tenant's obligation to maintain fire insurance continued after he assigned the lease to the doctor. According to the Rule in Spencer's Case, covenants that \"touch and concern\" the land run with the land and bind subsequent assignees. The covenant to maintain fire insurance is such a covenant because it directly affects the value and safety of the leased property. Therefore, even though the tenant assigned his leasehold interest, he remains liable for breaches of covenants that run with the land unless explicitly released by the landlord.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A landlord is the owner in fee simple of a tract of land on which is situated a large office building. The landlord leases the land and building thereon to a tenant for a term of seven years, commencing on August 1, 2001, and terminating at midnight on July 31, 2008. The lease contains the following provisions\"(1) The tenant covenants to keep the building on the leased premises insured against fire in the amount of $100,000. \"After three years of the lease had expired, the tenant assigned the entire balance of the lease period to a doctor, who took immediate possession of the leased property. Then in 2005, the doctor assigned his leasehold interest to a dentist. The dentist went into possession, but failed to pay any rent for two months. Soon afterwards, a fire spread from an adjoining building to the leased property, completely destroying the building thereon. While the tenant was in possession of the leased property, he carried a fire insurance policy on the premises in the amount of $100,000. However, the tenant allowed the policy to lapse after his assignment to the doctor. The doctor did carry insurance on the leased building, but only in the amount of $50,000. When the dentist took possession of the building, he did not obtain any fire insurance. The landlord learned that the building was not insured at the time of the fire as per the original agreement. In an action by the landlord against the tenant to recover for the fire loss, the landlord will most probably","score":1,"choices":["recover, because the fire spread from an adjoining building, making the owner of that building responsible for the damage.","not recover, because the covenant to provide fire insurance did not run with the land.","recover, because in accordance with the Rule in Spencer's Case, the covenant to maintain fire insurance would \"touch and concern\" the land.","not recover, because the dentist, as assignee, would be liable for the fire loss.","not recover, because the doctor had partially fulfilled the obligation by providing insurance coverage of $50,000.","not recover, because the tenant had fulfilled his obligation by maintaining insurance during his possession of the property.","recover, because the dentist took possession of the property without obtaining any fire insurance.","recover, because the tenant's obligation to maintain fire insurance did not terminate after his assignment to the doctor.","recover, because the dentist failed to pay rent, which technically broke the lease agreement.","not recover, because the tenant no longer had control over the property after his assignment to the doctor."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1206,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. The President of the United States has broad powers as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, which includes the authority to conduct military operations and exercises. While Congress has the power to declare war and regulate the Armed Forces, it cannot infringe upon the President's executive powers, including those related to military strategy and operations. Requiring a three-month notice before joint military exercises would likely be seen as an infringement on the President's authority as Commander-in-Chief.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"The President announced that a newly created military rapid deployment force would be engaging in joint training exercises with the military forces in a foreign country. Following the President's announcement, Congress enacted a statute that unequivocally prohibited \"the U. S. Armed Forces from conducting military exercises with foreign military forces unless Congress has received notice of such intention to take such action at least three months before the joint military exercises become effective. \"This statute is most likely","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because the President does not have the authority to engage in foreign military exercises without Congressional approval.","unconstitutional, due to the violation of separation of powers.","constitutional, because it falls under Congress's ability to declare war.","constitutional, because the President, in this instance, has not been called by Congress into actual service as Commander-in-Chief.","constitutional, because of Congress's power to regulate the Armed Forces.","unconstitutional, because of the President's authority to execute the laws of the United States.","unconstitutional, because the President has the exclusive power to determine military strategy.","unconstitutional, because of the President's authority as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.","constitutional, because of Congressional power under the War Powers Act.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the President's power to maintain national security."],"correct":"D","answer":"H"}
{"number":1207,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. The President of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, has broad authority to direct military operations and strategy, including engaging in joint military exercises with foreign forces. Congress does have significant powers related to the military, such as funding and declaring war, but the President's role as Commander-in-Chief grants him significant discretion in military matters. A statute that imposes a strict notification requirement on the President's ability to conduct joint military exercises could be seen as infringing upon the executive branch's authority and violating the principle of separation of powers.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"The President announced that a newly created military rapid deployment force would be engaging in joint training exercises with the military forces in a foreign country. Following the President's announcement, Congress enacted a statute that unequivocally prohibited \"the U. S. Armed Forces from conducting military exercises with foreign military forces unless Congress has received notice of such intention to take such action at least three months before the joint military exercises become effective. \"This statute is most likely","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because the President does not have the authority to engage in foreign military exercises without Congressional approval.","unconstitutional, due to the violation of separation of powers.","constitutional, because it falls under Congress's ability to declare war.","constitutional, because the President, in this instance, has not been called by Congress into actual service as Commander-in-Chief.","constitutional, because of Congress's power to regulate the Armed Forces.","unconstitutional, because of the President's authority to execute the laws of the United States.","unconstitutional, because the President has the exclusive power to determine military strategy.","unconstitutional, because of the President's authority as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.","constitutional, because of Congressional power under the War Powers Act.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the President's power to maintain national security."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1208,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The Federal Rules of Evidence allow for certain exceptions to hearsay rules, including former testimony if the party against whom the testimony is now offered had an opportunity and similar motive to develop the testimony by direct, cross, or redirect examination. Since the company had the opportunity to cross-examine the engineer during his deposition in the wrongful termination lawsuit, and assuming the issues are sufficiently similar, this would make the deposition admissible as former testimony.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"After being passed over for a promotion, an aeronautic engineer became a whistleblower. He contacted a government agency to state that the company for which he worked was submitting false safety reports on newly built aircraft. When the company learned that the engineer was leaking this information to the government agency, he was fired from his job. Afterward, the engineer sued the company for wrongful termination of employment. During the discovery stage of litigation, the engineer was deposed by the company's attorney. In his deposition, the engineer stated that the company submitted false safety reports to the government agency to cover up structural defects in its aircraft. A pilot was injured when one of the company'sairplanes he was piloting crashed. The pilot asserteda strict products liability tort against the company. At thal, the pilot seeks to introduce into evidence portions of the engineer's deposition from his wrongful termination lawsuit against the company. Assume that the engineer is unavailable to testify at trial. Upon objection by the company, the trial court judge should rule the engineer's deposition testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible as former testimony.","inadmissible as hearsay within the business records exception.","inadmissible due to the engineer's unavailability.","admissible as a statement against interest.","admissible as a vicarious admission.","inadmissible, because the company did not have the opportunity to cross-examine the engineer on the liability issue for which the statement is now being offered.","admissible as a dying declaration.","inadmissible because the engineer's deposition is biased.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible as a statement of personal or family history."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1209,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Federal Rules of Evidence provide several exceptions to the hearsay rule, one of which is former testimony. Under Rule 804(b)(1), former testimony is admissible if the declarant is unavailable and the party against whom the testimony is now offered had an opportunity and similar motive to develop the testimony by direct, cross, or redirect examination in the prior proceeding. In this case, the company had an opportunity to cross-examine the engineer during his deposition in the wrongful termination lawsuit, and the issues are sufficiently related (safety reports and structural defects) to satisfy the \"similar motive\" requirement.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"After being passed over for a promotion, an aeronautic engineer became a whistleblower. He contacted a government agency to state that the company for which he worked was submitting false safety reports on newly built aircraft. When the company learned that the engineer was leaking this information to the government agency, he was fired from his job. Afterward, the engineer sued the company for wrongful termination of employment. During the discovery stage of litigation, the engineer was deposed by the company's attorney. In his deposition, the engineer stated that the company submitted false safety reports to the government agency to cover up structural defects in its aircraft. A pilot was injured when one of the company'sairplanes he was piloting crashed. The pilot asserteda strict products liability tort against the company. At thal, the pilot seeks to introduce into evidence portions of the engineer's deposition from his wrongful termination lawsuit against the company. Assume that the engineer is unavailable to testify at trial. Upon objection by the company, the trial court judge should rule the engineer's deposition testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible as former testimony.","inadmissible as hearsay within the business records exception.","inadmissible due to the engineer's unavailability.","admissible as a statement against interest.","admissible as a vicarious admission.","inadmissible, because the company did not have the opportunity to cross-examine the engineer on the liability issue for which the statement is now being offered.","admissible as a dying declaration.","inadmissible because the engineer's deposition is biased.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible as a statement of personal or family history."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1210,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Generally, property owners owe limited duties to trespassers. However, there are exceptions when the owner knows of the trespassers' presence and the danger posed by a hazardous condition. In this case, the company knew about its waste discharge problem and that it was hazardous. Therefore, it had a duty to warn or protect even trespassers from known dangers.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Some homeless people started residing on a strip of land located under a bridge. The land was owned by a nearby chemical manufacturer. The squatters did not ask permission, and the company did not feel it was an urgent problem. The squatters used a small lake on the property for bathing and drinking water. Within a few days, two squatters died from what was later revealed to be highly polluted water coming from the company's waste discharges. The company knew that it had a waste discharge problem. The estates of the two decedents sued the company. Will they likely prevail on their tort claim despite the company's defense that the decedents were trespassers?","score":1,"choices":["No, because owner owes no duty to trespassers except if it acts with willful or wanton disregard.","No, because the squatters voluntarily chose to use the polluted water, thereby assuming the risk.","Yes, because even though they trespassed, the owner had a duty to warn because it knew that they were in danger.","Yes, because the owner had a duty to ensure that its property was not causing harm to others, irrespective of their legal status.","No, because the company was unaware that the squatters were using the polluted water for bathing and drinking.","No, because the squatters should have tested the water before using it.","Yes, because the company knowingly created a hazardous condition and failed to rectify it.","No, because an owner of land never has to worry about protecting the safety of trespassers.","Yes, because the owner negligently allowed the pollution of the water."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1211,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Generally, landowners owe limited duties to trespassers, but there are exceptions. One key exception is when the landowner knows or should know that trespassers are present and in danger due to a hazardous condition on the property. In this case, the company knew about the waste discharge problem and should have foreseen that people might use the water, especially if they were aware of squatters on their land.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Some homeless people started residing on a strip of land located under a bridge. The land was owned by a nearby chemical manufacturer. The squatters did not ask permission, and the company did not feel it was an urgent problem. The squatters used a small lake on the property for bathing and drinking water. Within a few days, two squatters died from what was later revealed to be highly polluted water coming from the company's waste discharges. The company knew that it had a waste discharge problem. The estates of the two decedents sued the company. Will they likely prevail on their tort claim despite the company's defense that the decedents were trespassers?","score":1,"choices":["No, because owner owes no duty to trespassers except if it acts with willful or wanton disregard.","No, because the squatters voluntarily chose to use the polluted water, thereby assuming the risk.","Yes, because even though they trespassed, the owner had a duty to warn because it knew that they were in danger.","Yes, because the owner had a duty to ensure that its property was not causing harm to others, irrespective of their legal status.","No, because the company was unaware that the squatters were using the polluted water for bathing and drinking.","No, because the squatters should have tested the water before using it.","Yes, because the company knowingly created a hazardous condition and failed to rectify it.","No, because an owner of land never has to worry about protecting the safety of trespassers.","Yes, because the owner was strictly liable for any injuries caused by the hazardous condition of the water in the lake.","Yes, because the owner negligently allowed the pollution of the water."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1212,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In federal court, there are two types of marital privileges: the adverse testimonial privilege and the confidential marital communications privilege. The adverse testimonial privilege allows a spouse to refuse to testify against their partner, but it belongs to the testifying spouse and can be waived by them. The confidential marital communications privilege, however, protects private communications between spouses made during the marriage and cannot be waived unilaterally. This means that even if the wife is willing to testify, the defendant can object to her revealing confidential communications made during their marriage.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant has been charged with making a false statement to a federally insured financial institution to secure a loan. At trial, the prosecutor calls the defendant's wife as a willing witness to testify that the defendant told her in confidence that he had misrepresented his assets on the loan application. The defendant objects to his wife's testimony. Should the testimony be admitted?","score":1,"choices":["No, because even though the wife is a willing witness, the defendant has the right to exclude confidential marital communications in federal court.","Yes, because the defendant's right to a fair trial outweighs any confidential marital communication.","Yes, because while the adverse testimonial privilege is recognized in federal court, the marital communications privilege is not.","Yes, because in federal court the right not to testify belongs to the testifying spouse, and she is a willing witness.","No, because the wife's testimony is hearsay and not admissible in court.","Yes, because the defendant's fraudulent actions supersede any marital communication privileges.","No, but only if the law of the state where the defendant and his wife reside recognizes a privilege for confidential marital communications.","No, because the defendant's wife is not a qualified expert on loan applications.","No, because the nature of the crime excludes the admittance of testimonies from family members.","Yes, because the prosecution has the right to call any willing witness to testify."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1213,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The use of force, especially deadly force, in the protection of property is generally considered unreasonable unless there is an immediate threat to human life. In this case, the young man was fleeing and had dropped the rake, indicating that he no longer posed a threat. Therefore, the guard's use of a firearm to prevent the theft of a rake would likely be deemed excessive and unreasonable.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A neighborhood homeowners' association hired a security company to provide an armed guard to patrol the neighborhood. One evening, the guard saw a young man stealing a rake that a homeowner in the neighborhood had left outside in his yard. The guard ran toward the young man. Seeing the guard, the young man dropped the rake and began to flee. Believing that the young man was about to escape, the guard pulled out his gun and fired a shot at the young man. The bullet struck the young man in the arm. If the young man asserts a claim against the security company for damages for his injuries, the young man will","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the guard did not give a warning that he had a gun and was about to shoot.","not prevail, because the homeowner's association approved the use of force in such situations.","prevail, because the guard should have called the police instead of taking matters into his own hands.","not prevail, because the guard acted within his rights to protect property within the neighborhood.","prevail, because the guard used unreasonable force to protect the homeowner's property.","not prevail, because the young man was engaged in theft when he was shot.","not prevail, because the injury was a result of the young man's own criminal activity.","not prevail, because the young man was trespassing on the homeowner's property."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1214,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to principles of property law and lease agreements for help. The original lease agreement between the landlord and the tenant included a clause that restricted assignment to a corporation with an 'A' credit rating. This condition was violated when the tenant leased the premises to a corporation without the required credit rating. Despite knowing about these leases, the landlord did not take any action other than protesting, which could be seen as tacit approval or waiver of the breach.\n\nHowever, in terms of liability for rent, the tenant remains primarily responsible to the landlord under the original lease agreement. The tenant's failure to pay rent directly breaches this agreement. The corporation and health club are subtenants and their obligations are primarily to their immediate lessors (the corporation to the tenant, and the health club to the corporation).\n\nTherefore, while the landlord may have claims against subtenants for use and occupancy or unjust enrichment, the most straightforward claim for past due rent is against the tenant who has a direct contractual obligation under the original lease.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A landlord owned a large building in the city. On January iS, the landlord leased the building to atenant for a period of 20 years at a rental of $10,000 per month. The leasehold agreement between the landlord and tenant provided that the latter was not permitted \"to assign this lease to anyone except a corporation with an Â€Â˜A' credit rating from a well- known credit rating company. \" On February 1 of the following year, the tenant leased the premises to a corporation that did not have the required credit rating. The tenant Â€Â”corporation lease was for a period of five years, with a rental of $15,000 per month, payable by the corporation to the tenant. In addition, the corporation agreed to abide \"by all of the terms and conditions of the lease between the landlord and the tenant. \"One year later, the corporation leased the premises to a health club for the balance of the term of the corporation Â€Â”tenant lease. The health club owner took possession of the said premises on February 1, the same day that the corporation vacated its occupancy. Pursuant to the corporation Â€Â”health club leasehold agreement, the latter was obligated to pay a monthly rental of $17,500 directly to the corporation. The health club has a Â€Â˜B' credit rating with the well-known credit rating company. For one year, the health club paid $17,500, each month directly to the corporation. During that same period, the corporation continued to pay $15,000 each month to the tenant, while the latter paid $10,000 (each month) to the landlord. The landlord knew about the leases to the corporation and the health club and protested promptly, but took no further action, apparently satisfied as long as he received his $10,000 per month from the tenant. Thereafter, the health club abandoned the premises and stopped paying rent to the corporation. After the health club discontinued paying rent, the corporation stopped paying rent to the tenant. When the tenant failed to receive his rent, he, too, stopped paying rent to the landlord. If the landlord brings suit to recover for past rent due, which of the following is most accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The landlord may only recover against the health club for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the health club for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the tenant and the health club, jointly and severally, for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the health club and the corporation, but not the tenant, for past rent due.","The landlord may only recover against the corporation for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the tenant and the corporation, jointly and severally, for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the corporation for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the tenant for past rent due.","The landlord cannot recover against anyone for past rent due.","The landlord may recover against the corporation and the health club, jointly and severally,for past rent due."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1215,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In this scenario, the graduate student consented to a fist fight, which implies a fight with bare fists. The use of brass knuckles introduces a weapon into the fight, which was not part of the original agreement and changes the nature of the fight significantly. This exceeds the scope of what was consented to by the graduate student.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A 26-year-old graduate student knew that a classmate was a staunch supporter of animal rights. As they were leaving class one afternoon, the graduate student walked beside the classmate and chanted, \"Animal experimentation is great. \" The classmate angrily confronted the graduate student and said, \"Let's settle this outside in a fist fight. \" The graduate student replied, \"You're on. \"The two students went outside and \"squared off. \" The graduate student threw the first punch and hit the classmate in the face with his bare fist. Unknown to the graduate student, the classmate placed a set of brass knuckles on his fist and hit the graduate student in the face with them. The force of the blow broke the graduate student's nose. It was later determined that the use of the brass knuckles inflicted exactly the same damage as if the classmate had hit the graduate student with his bare fist. The best argument for rejecting the defense of consent in an action by the graduate student for either assault or battery is that","score":0,"choices":["the classmate was angered by the graduate student's chants, hence reacted excessively.","the classmate's punch would have inflicted the same harm with or without the use of the brass knuckles.","the graduate student was unaware of the classmate's use of brass knuckles.","the graduate student consented to a fist fight, not a fight involving weapons.","the damage inflicted by the classmate was more severe than what the graduate student had consented to.","the classmate's use of brass knuckles was a premeditated act of violence.","the graduate student's insults provoked the classmate's use of excessive force.","the use of brass knuckles is generally illegal, regardless of consent.","the classmate was only acting in self-defense.","the classmate's use of the brass knuckles exceeded consent under the circumstances."],"correct":"J","answer":"D"}
{"number":1216,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Consent to a fist fight does not extend to the use of weapons, which significantly changes the nature of the fight and the potential for harm. The graduate student consented to a fist fight, which implies bare fists, not weapons like brass knuckles. Therefore, the best argument for rejecting the defense of consent is that the graduate student consented to a fist fight, not a fight involving weapons.\nAnswer: D","question":"A 26-year-old graduate student knew that a classmate was a staunch supporter of animal rights. As they were leaving class one afternoon, the graduate student walked beside the classmate and chanted, \"Animal experimentation is great. \" The classmate angrily confronted the graduate student and said, \"Let's settle this outside in a fist fight. \" The graduate student replied, \"You're on. \"The two students went outside and \"squared off. \" The graduate student threw the first punch and hit the classmate in the face with his bare fist. Unknown to the graduate student, the classmate placed a set of brass knuckles on his fist and hit the graduate student in the face with them. The force of the blow broke the graduate student's nose. It was later determined that the use of the brass knuckles inflicted exactly the same damage as if the classmate had hit the graduate student with his bare fist. The best argument for rejecting the defense of consent in an action by the graduate student for either assault or battery is that","score":0,"choices":["the classmate was angered by the graduate student's chants, hence reacted excessively.","the classmate's punch would have inflicted the same harm with or without the use of the brass knuckles.","the graduate student was unaware of the classmate's use of brass knuckles.","the graduate student consented to a fist fight, not a fight involving weapons.","the damage inflicted by the classmate was more severe than what the graduate student had consented to.","the classmate's use of brass knuckles was a premeditated act of violence.","the graduate student's insults provoked the classmate's use of excessive force.","the use of brass knuckles is generally illegal, regardless of consent.","the classmate was only acting in self-defense.","the classmate's use of the brass knuckles exceeded consent under the circumstances."],"correct":"J","answer":"D"}
{"number":1217,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. When a lease term ends and the tenant continues to occupy the property with the landlord's consent, a month-to-month tenancy is typically created. The landlord can terminate this type of tenancy with proper notice, usually 30 days. In this case, the landlord provided written notice six weeks ago, which satisfies the typical notice requirement for terminating a month-to-month tenancy.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A landlord leased a commercial building to a tenant for five years. Rent was payable on the first day of each month, and the landlord retained the right to terminate the lease if the tenant defaulted. The lease term ended 18 months ago. However, the tenant has stayed in possession of the building and has continued to pay the rent on time. The landlord has continued to accept the rent. The fair rental value of the building is now substantially more than what the tenant has been paying, and the landlord recently found a third party who will pay the higher rent. When the tenant paid the rent six weeks ago, the landlord accepted paid the rent six weeks ago, the landlord accepted the rent but told the tenant in writing that she had to vacate at the end of the month. The tenant, who is still in possession of the building, has informed the landlord that she does not want to move and is willing to pay the current fair rental value. The landlord has asked his lawyer for advice regarding the right to possession. Who should the lawyer say is entitled to possession?","score":1,"choices":["The tenant, because she has not violated any terms of the original lease.","The tenant, because she has stated that she is willing to pay the current fair rental value.","The tenant, because she has been making regular payments and is still in possession of the building.","The tenant, because she has the right to remain in the building as long as she continues to pay rent.","The landlord, because he gave proper notice to terminate the tenancy.","The landlord, because the lease term ended 18 months ago.","The landlord, because he has found a third party willing to pay a higher rent.","The tenant, because the landlord has not shown good cause to terminate the tenancy.","The landlord, because he retained the right to reenter."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1218,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. When a tenant remains in possession of the property after the lease term has expired and continues to pay rent, and the landlord continues to accept it, this situation typically creates a month-to-month tenancy. In such cases, either party can terminate the tenancy with proper notice. The landlord provided written notice six weeks ago that the tenant must vacate at the end of the month, which is generally considered proper notice for terminating a month-to-month tenancy.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A landlord leased a commercial building to a tenant for five years. Rent was payable on the first day of each month, and the landlord retained the right to terminate the lease if the tenant defaulted. The lease term ended 18 months ago. However, the tenant has stayed in possession of the building and has continued to pay the rent on time. The landlord has continued to accept the rent. The fair rental value of the building is now substantially more than what the tenant has been paying, and the landlord recently found a third party who will pay the higher rent. When the tenant paid the rent six weeks ago, the landlord accepted paid the rent six weeks ago, the landlord accepted the rent but told the tenant in writing that she had to vacate at the end of the month. The tenant, who is still in possession of the building, has informed the landlord that she does not want to move and is willing to pay the current fair rental value. The landlord has asked his lawyer for advice regarding the right to possession. Who should the lawyer say is entitled to possession?","score":1,"choices":["The tenant, because she has not violated any terms of the original lease.","The tenant, because she has stated that she is willing to pay the current fair rental value.","The tenant, because she has been making regular payments and is still in possession of the building.","The tenant, because she has the right to remain in the building as long as she continues to pay rent.","The landlord, because he gave proper notice to terminate the tenancy.","The landlord, because the lease term ended 18 months ago.","The landlord, because he has found a third party willing to pay a higher rent.","The tenant, because the landlord has not shown good cause to terminate the tenancy.","The landlord, because the tenant has overstayed the lease term.","The landlord, because he retained the right to reenter."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1219,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to the Federal Rules of Evidence, specifically Rule 404(b), evidence of a person's character or past crimes is generally not admissible to prove that they acted in accordance with that character on a particular occasion. However, there are exceptions where such evidence may be admissible for other purposes, such as proving motive, opportunity, intent, preparation, plan, knowledge, identity, absence of mistake, or lack of accident.\n\nIn this case, the prosecution is attempting to introduce evidence of past crimes to show a likelihood or propensity to commit the crime charged. This is generally inadmissible under Rule 404(b) because it is prejudicial and could bias the jury against the defendant based on past behavior rather than the facts of the current case.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man was arrested and charged with sexually assaulting a child. At trial, in its case-in-chief, the prosecution seeks to introduce evidence that the man had twice been previously involved in similar cases with other children. The prosecution argues that these past crimes demonstrate the likelihood that the man molested this child. Defense counsel objects to the evidence regarding other children. The judge should find the evidence","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, because the prosecution cannot initiate evidence of bad character.","admissible, because the evidence of past crimes is relevant to the case at hand.","inadmissible, because the evidence of past crimes is prejudicial and would bias the jury.","admissible, because the man's past crimes demonstrate a pattern of behavior.","inadmissible, because past crimes may not be introduced to prove disposition to commit certain acts.","inadmissible, because the man's past crimes are not similar enough to the current charge.","admissible, because a common plan or scheme may be proven by other similar criminal acts.","admissible, as long as the evidence of past crimes does not outweigh its probative value.","inadmissible, because past crimes are not relevant to the case at hand.","admissible, because the man's past crimes may be introduced to show that he is more likely to have committed the crime with which he is charged."],"correct":"J","answer":"E"}
{"number":1220,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Generally, a prohibition on assignment in a contract does not apply to the right to receive funds unless it is specifically stated. This is because the right to receive payment is considered a separate issue from the performance of the contract itself. Courts typically enforce such prohibitions only if they are explicitly stated to include the right to receive funds.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A distributor agrees to sell 100 tubes of growth hormone to a medical treatment center in exchange for $30,000. The contract has many clauses, including one that prohibits generally the assignment of the contract or any of its terms. The distributor assigns its right to receive the funds anyway. Will a court enforce the bar against assignment under these circumstances?","score":1,"choices":["No, a bar of assignment does not apply to the right to receive the funds unless specifically stated.","Yes, unless the contract explicitly states that the bar of assignment does not apply to the right to receive funds.","No, a bar of assignment can only be enforced if it is notarized and legally binding.","Yes, a bar against the right to receive proceeds is a favored restriction unless otherwise stated.","Yes, a contractual provision prohibiting assignments is enforceable in all respects.","Yes, a bar of assignment applies to all aspects of the contract, including the right to receive funds.","No, a bar of assignment is an unconstitutional deprivation of due process.","No, a bar of assignment is unenforceable if it inhibits the completion of the contract.","No, a court will not enforce the bar against assignment as it infringes upon the distributor's right to do business.","Yes, a contractual provision prohibiting assignments is enforceable unless it contradicts federal law."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1221,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In this scenario, the defendant's actions are likely to be scrutinized under the principles of self-defense and the use of excessive force. The man insulted and pushed the defendant, but did not pose a lethal threat. The defendant's responseâ€”slashing the man's throat with a razorâ€”would likely be considered an excessive use of force given the circumstances.\n\nSelf-defense laws generally require that the force used in defense be proportionate to the threat faced. Since the man did not present a lethal threat, the defendant's use of deadly force would likely be deemed excessive.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A defendant had been drinking at a bar for three hours and was visibly intoxicated. A man entered the bar and sat down next to the defendant. After ordering a beer, the man turned to the defendant and said, \"Hey buddy, you're sure an ugly looking dude. \" The defendant ignored the man's insult and turned to walk away. The man then pushed the defendant against the bar and said, \"Your face makes me sick to my stomach. \" The defendant then pulled out a razor and slashed the man's throat, killing him. If the defendant is prosecuted for the man's murder, he will most likely be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because the man did not pose a lethal threat.","not guilty, because the man insulted him first.","not guilty, because his life was in danger.","guilty, because he was under a duty to retreat.","guilty, because he did not attempt to de-escalate the situation.","not guilty, because of his intoxication.","guilty, because his intoxication was voluntary.","guilty, because he used excessive force.","not guilty, because there is no duty to retreat in a public place.","not guilty, because he was provoked."],"correct":"G","answer":"H"}
{"number":1222,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods in the United States, an acceptance must match the terms of the offer exactly (the \"mirror image rule\"). In this case, the retailer's order form expressly limited acceptance to its terms, and the manufacturer's confirmation introduced a modification by changing the delivery dates. This constitutes a counteroffer rather than an acceptance. Therefore, the retailer was within its rights to withdraw the order when the manufacturer failed to meet the original delivery date.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In June a computer retailer ordered 100 computers, with various configurations, from a manufacturer, to be delivered by August 1. The order form expressly limited acceptance to the terms of the offer. In July the manufacturer sent a confirmation agreeing to the terms and specifications, but stating that \"shipment will be made in two deliveries, half by August 10 and the other half by August 20.\" When shipment was not made by August 1, the retailer withdrew the order. Will the manufacturer prevail in enforcing a contract?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the order was withdrawn before the machines were shipped.","Yes, because the manufacturer sent a confirmation agreeing to the terms and specifications.","Yes, because there was only a minimal difference between the offer and acceptance.","No, because the manufacturer failed to deliver on the agreed date.","Yes, because the order was not officially canceled by the retailer.","No, because the offer expressly limited the acceptance to the terms of the offer.","No, because the manufacturer changed the terms without the retailer's explicit consent.","Yes, because the retailer assented to the terms by remaining silent until after August 1.","Yes, because the manufacturer had the right to change the delivery dates.","No, because the retailer has the right to withdraw the order at any time before shipment."],"correct":"H","answer":"F"}
{"number":1223,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under common law, a joint tenancy with right of survivorship means that both parties have equal ownership and rights to the property. If one party attempts to convey the property without the otherâ€™s consent, it can sever the joint tenancy, converting it into a tenancy in common for the portion conveyed. However, since the boyfriend forged the student's signature, this deed is invalid as to her interest.\n\nThe valid conveyance would only be for the boyfriend's interest. Therefore, the co-worker would hold a tenancy in common with the student for the boyfriend's share of the property. The student's interest remains unaffected by the fraudulent deed.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A college student and her boyfriend lived together in a one-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles. They were engaged to be married when they purchased an undeveloped parcel of land on a hillside overlooking the Pacific. The deed, which was properly executed and recorded, named the student and the boyfriend as grantees, \"not as tenants in common but as joint tenants with right of survivorship. \"Thereafter, the boyfriend, who was experiencing financial difficulties, offered to sell the property to his co-worker. Without the student's knowledge, the boyfriend executed a deed that purported to convey the hillside property to the co-worker in fee simple. The boyfriend signed his name and forged the student's name. He then delivered the deed of conveyance to the co-worker, who paid the boyfriend $150,000, which was the fair market value of the property. The co-worker immediately recorded the deed received from the boyfriend. The common law joint tenancy is unmodified by statute. Title to the property in question is now in","score":1,"choices":["the co-worker, the student and the boyfriend as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker as owner in fee simple.","the boyfriend and the student as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the boyfriend as tenants in common.","the co-worker and the student as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the boyfriend as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the student as tenants in common.","the co-worker, the student and the boyfriend as tenants in common.","the boyfriend as owner in fee simple.","the student as owner in fee simple."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1224,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In common law, a joint tenancy with right of survivorship means that both parties own the property equally and if one party dies, the other automatically inherits the entire property. However, a joint tenant cannot unilaterally sever the joint tenancy by forging the other tenant's signature or by selling their interest without the other tenant's knowledge. The forged deed is invalid as to the student's interest.\n\nTherefore, the boyfriend's attempt to convey the entire property to the co-worker is invalid because he forged the student's signature. The co-worker may have a claim against the boyfriend for fraud, but this does not affect the title of the property.\n\nSince the boyfriend's action did not sever the joint tenancy and his conveyance was invalid, title to the property remains with the original joint tenants (the student and the boyfriend). However, since there was an attempt to convey an interest in the property, it could be argued that this severed the joint tenancy, converting it into a tenancy in common.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A college student and her boyfriend lived together in a one-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles. They were engaged to be married when they purchased an undeveloped parcel of land on a hillside overlooking the Pacific. The deed, which was properly executed and recorded, named the student and the boyfriend as grantees, \"not as tenants in common but as joint tenants with right of survivorship. \"Thereafter, the boyfriend, who was experiencing financial difficulties, offered to sell the property to his co-worker. Without the student's knowledge, the boyfriend executed a deed that purported to convey the hillside property to the co-worker in fee simple. The boyfriend signed his name and forged the student's name. He then delivered the deed of conveyance to the co-worker, who paid the boyfriend $150,000, which was the fair market value of the property. The co-worker immediately recorded the deed received from the boyfriend. The common law joint tenancy is unmodified by statute. Title to the property in question is now in","score":1,"choices":["the co-worker, the student and the boyfriend as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker as owner in fee simple.","the boyfriend and the student as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the boyfriend as tenants in common.","the co-worker and the student as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the boyfriend as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","the co-worker and the student as tenants in common.","the co-worker, the student and the boyfriend as tenants in common.","the boyfriend as owner in fee simple.","the student as owner in fee simple."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1225,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the First Amendment and relevant case law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, including non-political speech. Prior restraints on speech are heavily scrutinized and generally disfavored. The statute's requirement for \"worthwhile programs of public benefit\" gives the school board broad discretion, which can lead to unconstitutional prior restraint.\n\nA. Overbreadth doctrine applies when a statute might prohibit protected speech.\nB. This statement is incorrect because the First Amendment protects a wide range of speech, not just political speech.\nC. This is true; indirect regulations must serve compelling state interests.\nD. This is true; unfettered discretion can lead to unconstitutional prior restraint.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man outraged by the recent church decision to clear a famous philosopher of charges of heresy, decided to present a lecture, open to the public, disproving the philosopher's theories. A state statute provides that: \"state universities can permit the use of their lecture halls to the public for worthwhile programs of public benefit, upon approval of the school board. \"The appropriate school board refused to make a university lecture hall available to the man on the grounds that the proposed lecture was not of worthwhile benefit to the public. As a result, the man brought suit in a state court against the school board and requested injunctive relief requiring the board to allow him the use of the lecture hall. The trial court denied relief and dismissed the suit. The judgment was affirmed by the state appellate court, and is now before the U. S. Supreme Court. In analyzing the state statute, which of the following statements is least accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The statute is unconstitutionally overbroad, because it may result in the exclusion of protected speech as well as unprotected speech.","The statute, as applied to the man, does not violate his First Amendment rights because his proposed speech is not political and, therefore, not among the classes of speech that are protected.","Indirect speech, regulations are only permissible if necessary to serve compelling state interests.","The statute is a prior restraint on speech, which unconstitutionally vests unfettered discretion in the school board to decide who may use university lecture halls."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1226,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, and any regulation that restricts speech based on its content is subject to strict scrutiny. The statute in question allows the school board to determine what constitutes a \"worthwhile program of public benefit,\" which can be seen as granting them the power to censor speech. This could be considered a prior restraint on speech and an overbroad regulation that may suppress protected speech.\n\nA. This statement is not accurate because the statute does indirectly regulate the content of speech by giving the school board discretion to determine what is \"worthwhile.\"\nB. This statement is accurate because the statute, as applied, restricts the man's ability to express his thoughts and ideas.\nC. This statement is the least accurate because the First Amendment protects a wide range of speech, not just political speech.\nD. This statement is accurate because it highlights the issue of unfettered discretion in determining who may use university lecture halls.\nE. This statement is accurate because it points out that the statute grants censorial power to the school board.\nF. This statement is accurate because it addresses the issue of excessive discretion given to the school board.\nG. This statement is accurate because it aligns with the principle that indirect regulations must serve compelling state interests.\nH. This statement is accurate because it addresses the overbreadth doctrine, which protects against laws that may suppress both protected and unprotected speech.\nI. This statement is not accurate because offensive or harmful speech can still be protected under the First Amendment unless it falls into specific unprotected categories (e.g., incitement, obscenity).\nJ. This statement is accurate because it addresses the potential suppression of critical or challenging speech.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man outraged by the recent church decision to clear a famous philosopher of charges of heresy, decided to present a lecture, open to the public, disproving the philosopher's theories. A state statute provides that: \"state universities can permit the use of their lecture halls to the public for worthwhile programs of public benefit, upon approval of the school board. \"The appropriate school board refused to make a university lecture hall available to the man on the grounds that the proposed lecture was not of worthwhile benefit to the public. As a result, the man brought suit in a state court against the school board and requested injunctive relief requiring the board to allow him the use of the lecture hall. The trial court denied relief and dismissed the suit. The judgment was affirmed by the state appellate court, and is now before the U. S. Supreme Court. In analyzing the state statute, which of the following statements is least accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The statute is not a violation of the First Amendment because it does not directly regulate the content of speech.","The statute, as applied to the man, is a violation of his First Amendment rights because it restricts his ability to express his thoughts and ideas.","The statute, as applied to the man, does not violate his First Amendment rights because his proposed speech is not political and, therefore, not among the classes of speech that are protected.","The statute is a prior restraint on speech, which unconstitutionally vests unfettered discretion in the school board to decide who may use university lecture halls.","The statute is a violation of the man's freedom of speech because it grants the school board the power to censor speech.","The statute is unconstitutional because it gives the school board too much power to determine what constitutes a \"worthwhile program of public benefit.\"","Indirect speech, regulations are only permissible if necessary to serve compelling state interests.","The statute is unconstitutionally overbroad, because it may result in the exclusion of protected speech as well as unprotected speech.","The statute, as applied to the man, is not a violation of his First Amendment rights because his proposed speech can be considered offensive or harmful to the public.","The statute is unconstitutional because it may result in the suppression of speech that criticizes or challenges established beliefs or institutions."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1227,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help. Under the UCC, if a seller ships nonconforming goods, the buyer has the right to accept or reject the whole shipment, or accept any commercial unit and reject the rest, provided they give seasonable notice of their decision. In this case, the operator received nonconforming goods (8-inch buns instead of 10-inch buns). The operator can accept or reject all of the hot dog buns or accept any commercial unit (e.g., only the 10-inch buns) and reject the rest, but must notify the bakery seasonably.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"The operator of a hot dog stand sent the following purchase order to a bakery: \"We are expecting an increase in business over the upcoming holidays. Please ship immediately 36 dozen 10-inch hot dog buns at your current list price of $6 per dozen. \"The day after receiving the purchase order, the bakery shipped 24 dozen 10-inch hot dog buns and 12 dozen 8-inch hot dog buns. The owner of the bakery had instructed his staff to include a message that the bakery did not have enough 10-inch hot dog buns to fill the order, so they were including the 8-inch hot dog buns as an accommodation. However, the shipping department forgot to Â€Â˜include the message with the shipment. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the operator's legal rights following receipt of the hot dog buns?","score":1,"choices":["The operator may either accept or reject all of the hot dog buns upon seasonable notice to the bakery, but it cannot accept only the 10-inch hot dog buns without the bakery's approval.","The operator may either accept or reject all of the hot dog buns, or, provided the bakery gives seasonable notice that the shipment was made for accommodation only, the operator may accept any combination of hot dog buns and reject the rest.","The operator may either accept or reject all of the hot dog buns, or accept the 10-inch buns and reject the 8-inch buns, but only with written approval from the bakery.","The operator may accept the 10-inch buns and reject the 8-inch buns, without any obligation to notify the bakery.","The operator may accept any combination of hot dog buns without the need to notify the bakery.","The operator can only reject the shipment if the bakery provides notice that the shipment was made for accommodation only.","The operator may either accept or reject all of the hot dog buns, or accept the 10-inch buns and reject the 8-inch buns, but it cannot accept any combination of the hot dog buns.","The operator can reject the 8-inch buns and demand a refund, without providing any notice to the bakery.","The operator may either accept or reject all of the hot dog buns, or accept any commercial unit and reject the rest, but must give the bakery seasonable notice of either total or partial rejection.","The operator must accept all of the hot dog buns, and cannot reject any part of the shipment."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1228,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key term here is \"subject to the homeowner's complete personal satisfaction.\" In contract law, this type of clause typically means that the homeowner's obligation to pay is contingent upon her subjective satisfaction with the work. If the homeowner is genuinely not satisfied, even if her dissatisfaction seems unreasonable, she may not be obligated to pay the remaining balance. Therefore, the contractor would likely not prevail because the condition of complete personal satisfaction was not met.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A homeowner contracted in writing with a kitchen contractor to renovate her kitchen for $25,000, \"subject to the homeowner's complete personal satisfaction.\" The contractor replaced the cabinets, flooring, and countertops and then sought payment from the homeowner. The homeowner paid the contractor only $20,000, truthfully saying that she did not like the finish on the cabinets and was therefore not satisfied. If the contractor sues the homeowner for the balance of the contract price, will the contractor be likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the homeowner cannot base the payment on personal satisfaction.","Yes, because the homeowner breached the covenant of good faith and fair dealing by rejecting the cabinets without justification.","No, because the contractor breached his duty of good faith and fair dealing by supplying unsatisfactory materials.","No, because the contractor should have ensured the homeowner's satisfaction before seeking payment.","Yes, because the contractor has the right to sue for the balance of the contract price.","Yes, because the homeowner was the first party to breach the contract.","No, because a condition to the homeowner's obligation to pay was not satisfied.","No, because the homeowner was not satisfied with the finish on the cabinets.","Yes, because the contractor fulfilled his part of the contract by completing the renovation.","No, because the homeowner has a right to withhold payment if not completely satisfied."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1229,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. Under common law, a tenant's obligation to pay rent is generally independent of the landlord's obligation to maintain the premises in a habitable condition unless there is an express provision in the lease that relieves the tenant from paying rent if the premises are rendered uninhabitable due to no fault of their own. In this case, there is no indication of such a clause in the lease contract. Therefore, the tenant remains liable to pay rent even though the property was rendered uninhabitable due to a fire caused by a third party.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A landlord owns a three-story building. The landlord leased the building and the surrounding property to a tenant for a term of six years, commencing on December 1, 2003 and terminating on November 30, 2009. On April 15, 2004, a neighbor, who owned an adjoining parcel of land, was burning leaves and underbrush on his land. There was a high wind blowing in the direction of the land that the landlord leased to the tenant, and the wind carried the burning leaves onto the tenant's property. The building caught fire and caused $150,000 in fire damages. Because of the fire, the tenant has not occupied the leased premises since the date of the fire because the building was rendered uninhabitable. This state is a common law jurisdiction. In addition, the controlling Statute of Limitations for initiating an action for damages due to negligence is five years from the time the cause of damage occurs. On May 1, 2004, the landlord brings suit against the tenant asserting breach of contract for failing to pay the rent. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the tenant, because the landlord failed to provide a habitable living space.","the landlord, because the tenant is responsible for all damages to the property, regardless of the cause.","the tenant, because the fire was caused by a third party, not by the tenant's negligence.","the tenant, because it would be inequitable to enforce the rental provision in the lease because the premises was rendered uninhabitable.","the tenant, because the fire damage made it impossible for the tenant to use the property for its intended purpose.","the landlord, because the lease contract does not contain a clause relieving the tenant from paying rent in case of damages caused by external factors.","the tenant, because an increasing number of states have enacted statutes relieving a tenant of his obligation to pay rent where the premises are rendered uninhabitable by fire or other acts of God.","the landlord, because a tenant remains liable to pay rent, even though as a result of the fire, the property was rendered uninhabitable.","the landlord, because the covenant to pay rent runs with the land.","the landlord, because the tenant is responsible for the fire as it happened on their leased property."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1231,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether the rights and duties under a personal service contract can be assigned. Personal service contracts, which involve unique skills or qualifications, are generally not assignable because they rely on the specific individual's abilities and trust between the original parties. In this case, the lawyer's agreement with the law student was based on the student's performance and relationship with the lawyer, making it a personal service contract.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"As part of an externship program conducted by his law school, a law student went to work for a lawyer as a clerk. After six months, the lawyer was very impressed with the law student's work. He called the law student into his office and told him, \"I know you were only to work for me for six months in exchange for credit in your law school extemship program. However, I'd like you to stay on as a clerk. I'll pay you $25 an hour for any work you do for me between now and the bar exam. In addition, if you put in a minimum of 10 hours per week during that time, I promise to hire you full-time as an associate when you pass the bar exam. \" The attorney then reduced this agreement to writing, which both he and the law student signed. The law student continued to work for the lawyer throughout the rest of his law school career and while he was studying for the bar exam. During that time, the law student always worked a minimum of 10 hours per week. While the law student was awaiting the results of the bar exam, his uncle passed away and left him a large apartment building. The law student decided he did not want to practice law but wanted to spend all of his time managing the apartment building. He told his roommate, a fellow law student who was awaiting his bar results, about his plans and told the roommate he would assign to the roommate the right to be hired by the lawyer as an associate, in exchange for $100. The roommate paid the $100 to the law student, who then executed a written assignment of the right to be hired by the lawyer as an associate. The roommate passed the bar exam, but the lawyer refused to hire him as an associate. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the legal effect of this assignment?","score":1,"choices":["The lawyer would be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, because the roommate passed the bar exam and is therefore qualified.","The lawyer would not be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, because neither the rights nor the duties under a personal service contract are properly assignable.","The lawyer would not be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, because the original contract was between the lawyer and the law student, not the roommate.","The lawyer would be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, but would be entitled to demand adequate assurances of performance from the roommate as to the latter's willingness and professional capacity to perform satisfactory work.","The lawyer would be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, but only if the roommate can prove he is capable of performing the duties of an associate.","The lawyer would not be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, because the original agreement was not intended to be assignable.","The lawyer would not be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, because the assignment was made in exchange for money, altering the original terms of the agreement.","The lawyer would be required to recognize the validity of the assignment, but would be entitled to demand adequate assurances of performance from the roommate as to the latter's willingness and financial capacity to perform satisfactory work.","The lawyer would not be required to recognize the validity of the assignment of rights, because a contract to make a future assignment of a right is not an assignment.","The lawyer would be required to recognize the validity of the assignment so that the roommate would be entitled to be hired as an associate."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1232,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, when two or more parties act negligently and it is unclear which party caused the harm, courts often apply the \"alternative liability\" theory. Under this theory, both defendants can be held jointly liable unless one of them can prove that they did not cause the harm. This shifts the burden of proof to the defendants to exonerate themselves.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"While on vacation, two friends went scuba diving in the ocean. Each of them was equipped with a spear gun, which they planned to use to kill tuna. As they were swimming, both men saw what appeared to be a large fin entangled in a nearby coral reef. Simultaneously, they shot their spear guns at the projecting wing-like figure. Unbeknownst to either of the friends, it was not a fish but rather another scuba diver. The victim was struck and slightly wounded by one of the spears. The victim asserts a claim for damages against the two friends. At trial, the judge should instruct the jury to rule","score":1,"choices":["against both defendants jointly unless one of them proves that he did not shoot the spear that struck the victim.","against each defendant for one-half of the amount of damages, because they both acted independently and not jointly.","in favor of both defendants if no evidence is presented showing who actually shot the spear that injured the victim.","against each defendant for one-half of the amount of damages, because they both shot their spear guns simultaneously.","in favor of the victim, as both defendants acted recklessly in a situation that required caution.","against the defendant who cannot prove he did not shoot the spear, while the other defendant is exempt from damages.","against each defendant for one-third of the amount of damages, with the remaining one-third to be determined by the jury.","in favor of both defendants if the victim cannot prove beyond a reasonable doubt who shot the spear that injured him.","against both defendants for the full amount of damages, as they were both responsible for the situation."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1233,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but there are exceptions. One such exception is the \"automobile exception,\" which allows officers to search a vehicle without a warrant if they have probable cause to believe it contains evidence of a crime. In this case, the Officer had probable cause based on observing Stan fleeing from a crime scene and subsequently finding him in the car.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An on-duty Police Officer hears breaking glass and a blaring alarm, and sees Stan run out of a darkened liquor store at 3 a.m. Stan runs around the corner, out of Officer's view, and hops into a car. Officer sees Stan drive away and pursues, lights flashing. Stan pulls over and Officer arrests him. Officer sees nothing in the passenger compartment, but pops the trunk and finds cash and a baseball bat. Stan's motion to suppress the cash and baseball bat as evidence will likely be","score":1,"choices":["Denied, because the Officer had a reasonable suspicion that Stan was involved in a crime.","Granted, because the arrest was illegal and therefore the evidence is considered to be fruit of the poisonous tree.","Granted, because the Officer did not have a search warrant to check the trunk of the car.","Granted, because the Officer did not have a valid reason to pull Stan over in the first place.","Denied, because a search incident to a valid arrest in an automobile always includes the trunk of the automobile.","Denied, because the Officer had probable cause to search the trunk.","Denied, because the Officer had the right to search the car without a warrant.","Granted, because the trunk area was out of the range of Stan's control.","Denied, because the Officer was in the pursuit of his duties and the search was incidental to the arrest.","Granted, because the Officer did not observe Stan commit any crime."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1234,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. For a unilateral contract (such as a reward offer) to be enforceable, the person performing the requested action must have knowledge of the offer at the time of performing the action. Since the amateur detective did not know about the reward when he provided the information, he did not perform the action in response to the offer, and thus no contract was formed.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"After the murder of his brother, a man published the following notice in the local newspaper:\"REWARDAny person who supplies information leading to the arrest and conviction of the murderer of my brother will be paid $10,000. \"An amateur detective, without knowledge of the reward notice, began investigating the matter as a result of his own curiosity kindled by the sensationalism surrounding the brother's murder. One week later, the detective secured information that led to the arrest and later conviction of the murderer. During the murder trial, the detective found out about the reward and demanded the $10,000 from the man. In an action by the detective to recover the $10,000 reward, he will","score":1,"choices":["succeed, because his actions led to the arrest and conviction of the murderer.","not succeed, because he did not accept the offer before fulfilling the conditions.","not succeed, because he did not have knowledge of the reward.","not succeed, because the reward offer was not communicated to him directly.","succeed, because the reward notice was a unilateral contract.","succeed, because he was unaware of the offer.","succeed, because his apprehension of the murderer created a contract implied in law.","not succeed, because he was not officially hired to investigate the case.","not succeed, because his investigation was not a bargained-for exchange."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1235,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on self-defense for help. In criminal law, a defendant is entitled to a jury instruction on self-defense if there is sufficient evidence to support the claim. The key here is whether the father's belief that he was in imminent danger was reasonable under the circumstances, even if it turned out to be mistaken. Given the history of abuse and the father's fear, there is sufficient evidence to raise the defense of self-defense.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A father lived with his son, who was an alcoholic. When drunk, the son often became violent and physically abused his father. As a result, the father always lived in fear. One night, the father heard his son on the front stoop making loud obscene remarks. The father was certain that his son was drunk and was terrified that he would be physically beaten again. In his fear, he bolted the front door and took out a revolver. When the son discovered that the door was bolted, he kicked it down. As the son burst through the front door, his father shot him four times in the chest, killing him. In fact, the son was not under the influence of alcohol or any drug and did not intend to harm his father. At trial, the father presented the above facts and asked the judge to instruct the jury on self-defense. How should the judge instruct the jury with respect to self-defense?","score":1,"choices":["Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father used excessive force.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the father perceived a threat.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the evi-dence is sufficient to raise the defense.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son was not under the influence of alcohol or drugs.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father was not in imminent danger from his son.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father acted out of fear, not self-defense.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son did not express a clear intent to harm.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the father acted in response to previous abuse.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the father had a right to protect his home."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1236,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The neighbor's testimony is based on an appraisal report that she saw, which is hearsay because it is an out-of-court statement being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. Additionally, the neighbor has not been shown to be an expert on real estate market values, which would be necessary for her testimony to be considered reliable in this context.\nAnswer: C","question":"A husband and a wife are filing for divorce. At issue is the market value of the house they own. During the divorce proceedings, the husband's lawyer calls a neighbor to testify that the market value of the home exceeds $100,000. She states that her testimony is based on an estimate contained in an appraisal report that she saw. The appraisal had been prepared at the husband's request by a well-known real estate company in the area. Upon objection by the wife's attorney, the neighbor's testimony will be held","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because the neighbor is a witness to the house's value.","admissible, because it supports the husband's claim.","inadmissible, because the neighbor has not been shown to be an expert on real estate market values.","admissible, because it is based on a reliable source.","inadmissible, because the neighbor is not a party involved in the divorce.","inadmissible, because the appraisal report was not officially presented in court.","admissible, because she had firsthand knowledge of the estimate contained in the appraisal report.","admissible as proper lay opinion.","inadmissible, because it involves a privileged communication between husband and wife."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1237,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Title insurance policies typically protect the named insured against losses due to defects in title that were not discovered during the title search. However, these policies do not transfer to new owners unless explicitly stated. In this case, the friend did not purchase their own title insurance and is not a named insured on the woman's policy. Therefore, the title insurance company is not obligated to pay the friend's claim.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Two years ago, a developer conveyed title to a lot to a woman by warranty deed. The woman purchased an owner's policy of title insurance before the an owner's policy of title insurance before the closing. Because of an error by the title insurance company, the title commitment and title policy failed to list a county tax lien encumbering the lot as an exception to coverage. Last year, the woman conveyed the lot for a bargain price by a quitclaim deed to a friend, who paid cash, did not conduct a title search, and did not purchase title insurance. Subsequently, the county began proceedings to foreclose the tax lien, and the friend filed a claim with the woman's title insurance company, demanding that the company reimburse her for the tax lien amount. Is the title insurance company obligated to pay the friend's claim?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the friend did not conduct a title search before purchasing the lot.","No, because the friend did not purchase her own title insurance.","No, because the title insurance policy expired when the woman conveyed the lot to the friend.","Yes, because the tax lien was not listed as an exception on the title insurance policy.","No, because the woman no longer owns the property, and thus her title insurance is no longer valid.","Yes, because the woman used a quitclaim deed, which means all encumbrances should transfer to the new owner.","No, because the friend is not a named insured on the title insurance policy.","Yes, because the friend paid cash, making her eligible for claims.","Yes, because the woman is liable to the friend for breach of the covenant against encumbrances, and the title policy should cover the friend's potential loss.","Yes, because the title insurance company made an error in not listing the tax lien."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1238,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The jail employee's testimony is relevant because it provides circumstantial evidence that the defendant may be the person referred to as \"Speed\" by the victim, which can link the defendant to the crime. It is not hearsay because it is not being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (i.e., that the defendant's name is Speed), but rather to show that others called him by that name, which is relevant to identifying him as one of the kidnappers.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant is on trial for kidnapping. The victim has testified that one of the kidnappers referred to the other as \"Speed.\" The prosecutor calls a jail employee to testify that, while the defendant was in jail awaiting trial, other inmates addressed the defendant as \"Speed.\" Is the jail employee's testimony admissible?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, it's relevant to show the defendant's nickname.","No, because it's irrelevant to the case.","No, because the jail employee is not a reliable source of information.","Yes, to corroborate the truthfulness of the victim.","Yes, as circumstantial evidence that the defendant was one of the kidnappers.","No, because it is substantially more prejudicial than probative.","Yes, because it provides character evidence about the defendant.","No, because it's an opinion not based on the employee's personal knowledge.","Yes, because it's a statement made by the defendant.","No, because it is hearsay not within any exception. exception."],"correct":"J","answer":"E"}
{"number":1239,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In property law, a deed absolute given as security for a debt is treated as an equitable mortgage. This means that the borrower retains the right to redeem the property by paying off the debt, even after default. The court will typically look at the intent behind the deed absolute to determine whether it was meant as additional security or an outright conveyance. If the investor can prove that the deed was intended only as additional security for the payment of the debt, then he retains the right to redeem the property.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"An investor owned a four-story office building located in downtown. The building was old and badly in need of renovation. To finance the improvements, the investor borrowed $125,000 from his friend. As consideration for the loan, the investor executed a promissory note for $125,000 payable to the friend in one year and secured by a mortgage on the building. The mortgage was dated January 1, and was recorded January 2. Thereafter, on February 1, the investor executed a deed absolute on the building and named the friend as grantee. This deed, although absolute in form, was intended only as additional security for the payment of the debt. In order to make judicial foreclosure unnecessary and to eliminate the right to redeem, the investor then delivered the deed to his nephew in escrow with instructions to deliver the deed to the friend if the investor failed to pay his promissory note at maturity. On January 1 of the following year, the investor failed to pay the note when it came due. Thereupon, the nephew, in accordance with the escrow instructions, delivered the investor's deed on the office building to the friend, which the friend promptly and properly recorded. Two weeks later, the investor tendered the $125,000 indebtedness to the friend. When the friend refused to accept it, the investor brought an appropriate action to set aside and cancel the deed absolute and to permit the redemption of the building from the friend. Conversely, the friend counterclaimed to quiet title and argued that the deed absolute was intended as an outright conveyance upon default. The court should enter a judgment that will grant the relief sought by","score":0,"choices":["the investor, but only if the investor can establish that the mortgage takes precedence over the deed absolute because it was executed earlier in time.","the friend, because the deed absolute effectuated an outright conveyance that extinguished the redemption interest sought to be retained by the investor.","the friend, because the investor has no right to redeem after the deed absolute was executed.","the friend, if the friend can establish that the deed absolute was executed later in time.","the investor, because the deed absolute did not extinguish his right of redemption.","the friend, because the investor failed to pay his promissory note at maturity.","the investor, because the friend refused to accept the $125,000 indebtedness.","the investor, if the investor can prove that the deed was intended only as additional security for the payment of the debt.","the investor, because the deed absolute was not intended as an outright conveyance upon default."],"correct":"E","answer":"H"}
{"number":1240,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The best basis for securing a new trial would be an affidavit that shows a clear violation of the defendant's right to a fair trial due to juror misconduct. While several options indicate potential bias or misconduct, the most compelling is one where external information influenced the juror's decision-making process, which directly undermines the fairness of the trial.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant was arrested and prosecuted for the crime of false pretenses. At trial, the defendant testified that she prophesied the victim's imminent death. The defendant admitted that she told the victim she could save him if he brought a large sum of money wrapped in a handkerchief to a ritual. After the ritual, the defendant returned the handkerchief to the victim filled with waste paper rather than the money. After the defendant was convicted of false pretenses, she moved for a new trial and offered the affidavits of several jurors who sat on the case. An affidavit containing which of the following facts will most likely furnish the defendant's best basis for securing a new trial?","score":1,"choices":["A juror was overheard discussing the details of the case outside the courtroom during the trial.","A juror admitted to having a personal financial interest in the outcome of the case.","A juror admittedly stated during deliberations that he had a personal animosity toward the defendant.","A juror admitted to having made a decision about the verdict before the trial began.","Ajuror fell asleep during defense counsel's closing argument.","A juror stated that she didn't believe in the concept of false pretenses, and therefore thought the defendant was not guilty from the start.","A juror confessed to having previously known the defendant but did not disclose this during jury selection.","A juror misunderstood the judge's instructions regarding the burden of proof.","A juror, in violation of the court's instructions, read a newspaper article implicating the defendant in several other similar schemes."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1241,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Adverse possession requires continuous, open, notorious, exclusive, and hostile possession of the property for the statutory period. The couple occupied the property from 1990 to 2011, which is 21 years, exceeding the 20-year statutory period. However, their possession was interrupted when they paid rent from 2000 to 2002, acknowledging the owner's title and thus breaking the continuity of hostile possession.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man owned a piece of land with a run-down log cabin on it. He lost interest in it, letting tax bills pile up and failing to maintain it. In 1990, a homeless couple occupied the crumbling cabin. They restored it, fenced the perimeter, and maintained the grounds. They started paying the taxes, despite knowing there was an absentee owner. In 2000, the owner appeared and demanded that they pay rent. They agreed but stopped the payments two years later after consulting an attorney. The required statutory period in the state is 20 years. In 2011 the owner filed an ejectment action, asserting his ownership rights. Leaving aside any other theories or equities, can the couple prevail on a theory of adverse possession?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the statutory period had not been met when the owner filed for ejectment.","Yes, because they maintained the grounds of the property.","Yes, because they had exclusive possession of the property.","Yes, because they were on the land for over 20 years.","Yes, because they owned the property due to paying the taxes on it.","No, because they missed some of the tax payments during that 20-year period.","No, because they knew there was an absentee owner.","Yes, because they made improvements to the property.","No, because the hostile possession was interrupted for two years when they paid rent.","No, because they did not have a legal claim to the property."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1242,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on real estate law for help. In real estate transactions, equitable title refers to the right to obtain full ownership of a property, while legal title refers to actual ownership of the property. Upon entering into a contract for sale, the buyer typically gains equitable title, meaning they have an interest in the property and bear the risk of loss unless otherwise stipulated in the contract. Therefore, if the court determines that on January 20 the buyer held the equitable title to the farm, he would be obliged to complete the contract despite the fire.\nAnswer: A","question":"On January 1, a seller entered into an agreement of sale to convey his farm to a buyer. According to the contract, settlement (or closing) was to take place on March 1 of the same year. On January 20, a barn on the property was destroyed by fire. When the buyer was notified of the loss the following day, he contacted the seller and told him that the deal was off because of the fire. As a result, the buyer filed suit against the seller on January 25 for a refund of his down payment of $5,000. In his suit, the buyer will be unsuccessful and will be obliged to complete the contract if the court determines that on January 20","score":1,"choices":["the buyer held the equitable title to the farm.","the buyer held the possessory title to the farm.","the buyer held the leasehold title to the farm.","the seller held the equitable title to the farm.","the seller held a conditional title to the farm.","the seller held the possessory title to the farm.","the buyer held the legal title to the farm.","the seller held the leasehold title to the farm.","the buyer held a conditional title to the farm."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1243,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. Article III, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution explicitly states that the Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such exceptions, and under such regulations as the Congress shall make. This means Congress has the authority to define and limit the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Under the authority of a federal voting rights statute, some states drew congressional districts in a manner calculated to increase the likelihood that members of historically disadvantaged minority racial groups would be elected. The U.S. Supreme Court declared these districts to be unconstitutional, as improper racial gerrymanders. In response to this ruling, Congress passed a new statute that explicitly denies the Supreme Court appellate jurisdiction over all future cases challenging the constitutionality of action taken under the authority of the federal voting rights statute. Which of the following is the most persuasive argument for the constitutionality of the new statute restricting the Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["The constitutional principle of separation of powers authorizes Congress to pass statutes calculated to reduce the effects of Supreme Court decisions that interfere with the exercise of powers that have been delegated to the legislative branch.","Article III of the Constitution explicitly states that the Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction is subject to such exceptions and regulations as Congress shall make.","The Tenth Amendment provides that powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution are reserved for the states, and this includes the power to limit the Supreme Court's jurisdiction.","The Constitution provides Congress with the power to create laws, and this includes the power to limit the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.","The Fifteenth Amendment authorizes Congress to enforce the amendment's voting rights provisions by appropriate legislation, and Congress could reasonably determine that this restriction on the Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction is an appropriate means to that end.","The Constitution allows Congress to make laws that are necessary and proper for carrying into execution its powers, and this includes the power to limit the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.","The establishment and apportionment of congressional districts directly affect interstate commerce, and the Constitution authorizes Congress to use its plenary authority over such commerce for any purpose it believes will promote the general welfare.","The Fourteenth Amendment guarantees equal protection under the law and allows Congress to enforce this provision through appropriate legislation, including restricting the Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction.","The separation of powers in the Constitution permits Congress to limit the Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction in order to maintain a balance of power among the three branches of government.","As the highest court in the land, the Supreme Court must adhere to the laws set forth by Congress, which includes any restrictions on its appellate jurisdiction."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1244,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In federal court, the Seventh Amendment guarantees the right to a jury trial in civil cases where legal rights are at issue. The team's counterclaim for damages is a legal claim, thus entitling them to a jury trial. The city's claim for an injunction is an equitable claim, which does not entitle them to a jury trial. When both legal and equitable claims are present, the legal claims should be tried first by a jury, and the findings from that trial can inform the subsequent equitable proceedings.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A football team entered into a 10-year lease with a city for use of the city's athletic stadium. Five years into the lease, the team threatened to leave the stadium and move to another city. The city sued the team in federal court, seeking a permanent injunction to prevent the team from breaching its lease and leaving. In its answer, the team included a counterclaim seeking $10 million in damages for losses caused by the city's alleged failure to properly maintain the stadium, as the lease required. The team demanded a jury trial on the counterclaim. The city moved to try its claim for a permanent injunction before the trial on the team's counterclaim. The team objected and moved that the jury trial of its counterclaim be held before the trial of the city's injunction claim. How should the court rule on the parties' motions?","score":0,"choices":["The court should first hold a nonjury trial of the city's claim without giving binding effect to its findings or conclusions in the later jury trial of the team's counterclaim.","The court should first hold a jury trial of the team's counterclaim, and its findings should be binding in the later nonjury trial of the city's claim.","The court should first hold a nonjury trial of the team's counterclaim, and then a jury trial of the city's claim.","The court should schedule a jury trial of both the city's claim and the team's counterclaim.","The court should hold a simultaneous jury trial of the team's counterclaim and nonjury trial of the city's claim.","The court should first hold a jury trial of the city's claim, and then a nonjury trial of the team's counterclaim.","The court should first hold a jury trial of the team's counterclaim, and then a nonjury trial of the issues remaining in the city's claim.","The court should schedule a nonjury trial of both the city's claim and the team's counterclaim.","The court should first hold a nonjury trial of the city's claim, and then a jury trial of the issues remaining in the team's counterclaim.","The court should first hold a nonjury trial of the city's claim, and its findings should be binding in the later jury trial of the team's counterclaim."],"correct":"G","answer":"B"}
{"number":1245,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a motion for judgment as a matter of law (JMOL), the court must determine whether there is no legally sufficient evidentiary basis for a reasonable jury to find for the party on that issue. The company's evidence that the man's behavior was unduly risky and thus excluded from coverage under the policy is uncontradicted. However, whether the man's behavior was \"unduly risky\" is typically a question of fact for the jury to resolve, not a question of law. Therefore, it would be inappropriate for the court to grant JMOL at this stage because it should be up to the jury to decide if the man's actions were indeed unduly risky.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man brought a federal diversity action against his insurance company, alleging that the company had breached its duty under his insurance policy by refusing to pay for his medical expenses resulting from a mountain-biking accident. At the jury trial, the man presented evidence that he had paid all premiums on the insurance policy and that the policy cov-ered personal-injury-related medical expenses arising from accidents. After he rested his case, the company presented evidence that a provision of the policy excluded payment for injury-related expenses resulting from an insured's Ã’unduly riskyÃ“ behavior. The company also presented a witness who testified that the accident had occurred in an area where posted signs warned bikers not to enter. The man did not cross-examine the witness. After resting its case, the company moved for judgment as a matter of law. Should the court grant the motion?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the company's uncontradicted evidence of the man's unduly risky behavior means that no reason-able jury could find that the policy covers his injuries.","No, because the company did not provide sufficient evidence to prove that the man's behavior was unduly risky.","No, because the signs warning bikers not to enter were not part of the insurance policy.","No, because a motion for judgment as a matter of law must first be made at the close of the plaintiff's case-in-chief.","Yes, because the man failed to cross-examine the company's witness.","Yes, because the company provided evidence of a policy clause excluding unduly risky behavior.","Yes, because the man waived his right to rebut the company's evidence by not addressing the Ã’unduly riskyÃ“ policy provision in his case-in-chief.","No, because the man had paid all his premiums on the insurance policy.","No, because whether the man's behavior was unduly risky is a question of fact for the jury to resolve.","Yes, because the man did not provide sufficient evidence to prove that the company breached its duty."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1246,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Voluntary manslaughter typically involves a killing that occurs in the \"heat of passion\" as a result of adequate provocation, without premeditation or deliberation. Proper proof would include evidence showing the defendant acted without premeditation, was provoked, and acted in the heat of passion. However, certain provocations are not considered legally adequate to reduce a charge from murder to voluntary manslaughter. For example, minor disagreements or actions several days after the provoking event would not typically meet the legal standard for adequate provocation.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"The defendant has been charged with murder in the killing of his wife. The defense attorney is preparing a defense to show facts sufficient to support a verdict of voluntary manslaughter. Counsel has to prove all of the necessary elements during trial in order to support a voluntary manslaughter charge to the jury. Which of the following would not be proper proof to establish a voluntary manslaughter charge to the jury?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant acted without deliberation and premeditation.","The defendant acted in self-defense.","The defendant was provoked by accidentally seeing his wife having sexual relations with his best friend.","The defendant was provoked by his wife's refusal to prepare his favorite meal.","The defendant acted in an overpowering heat of passion.","The defendant acted several days after the provoking events.","The defendant was provoked by a minor disagreement with his wife.","The defendant acted while under the influence of alcohol or drugs."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1247,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Evidence that no other accidents have occurred at the intersection over a significant period of time can be relevant to show that the intersection is not inherently dangerous, which is a fact of consequence in determining whether the city was negligent. This evidence can help the jury understand the context and history of the intersection's safety.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Two cars were driving within the legal speed limit as they approached an intersection. There are no traffic lights, stop signs, or warnings posted at this intersection. Both vehicles entered the intersection simultaneously and collided. In the accident, one of the drivers suffered a broken pelvis and internal injuries. Although the other driver's truck was slightly damaged, he did not suffer any physical injuries. Thereafter, the injured driver sued the city for negligence, claiming that the city failed to provide adequate warning at the intersection, which she contended was particularly dangerous and heavily traveled. At trial, the city attorney offers evidence that the intersection has been the same for 14 years, and no other accidents have occurred during that time. Upon objection by the injured driver's attorney, this evidence should be","score":1,"choices":["excluded, because it is improper negative evidence.","admitted as relevant evidence of a fact of consequence to the action.","admitted, as it is critical for the jury to understand the history of the intersection.","excluded, because the dangers of unfair prejudice and confusion of the issues may tend to mislead the jury.","admitted, but only if the city can prove that there have been no significant changes in traffic patterns in the last 14 years.","excluded, because it can potentially bias the jury against the injured driver.","excluded, because it is irrelevant to the current accident.","admitted, as it shows the city's negligence in maintaining the intersection.","excluded, as it is not directly related to the case at hand.","admitted, provided that the jury is instructed about the danger of inferential negative evidence."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1248,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Commerce Clause and related jurisprudence for help. The Commerce Clause prohibits state legislation that discriminates against or excessively burdens interstate commerce. The strongest defenses would be those that can be justified as serving a legitimate public interest, such as ensuring quality of care, maintaining standards, and addressing specific health issues.\n\nHowever, defenses that appear protectionist or economically motivated without a clear public interest are weaker. Specifically, protecting local optometrists from out-of-state competition (D) is a weak defense because it directly conflicts with the principles of the Commerce Clause by favoring in-state economic interests over out-of-state interests.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Section 2022(a) of a state's medical licensing code provides:\"For the purposes of this statute, only those persons who have graduated from an optometry school located in the state and accredited by the board of optometrists shall be licensed to conduct the practice of optometry within the state. \"A doctor graduated from a school of optometry located in a neighboring state. The following month, the doctor was granted a license to practice optometry in that neighboring state by its board of optometrists. For approximately one year, the doctor was engaged in the practice of optometry in the neighboring state. Subsequently, the doctor decided to relocate his practice to the state for which Section 2022(a) applies. The doctor re-domiciled in the state, where he opened a new office for the practice of optometry. When he initially opened his office, the doctor was unaware of the state's licensing provision for optometrists. Since the doctor was a licensed optometrist for 10 years, he assumed that he could practice optometry in the state by reciprocity. The doctor received notification from the state's board of optometrists that he was illegally practicing optometry and that he must immediately cease and desist from such practice. If the doctor challenges the constitutionality of Section 2022(a) of the medical licensing statute as violating the Commerce Clause, which of the following, if factually true, is the WEAKEST defense that the state could offer?","score":1,"choices":["The statute will help to increase the number of local optometrists who can handle emergencies.","The statute will help to ensure that the practicing optometrists in the state are subject to standards of a regulatory body.","The statute will help to ensure that only the most qualified optometrists practice in the state.","The statute will help protect the optometrists in the state from competition outside the state.","The statute will help to ensure that only optometrists who are familiar with the state's unique vision-related health issues practice in the state.","The statute will help to provide job security for the state's board of optometrists.","The statute will help to maintain the reputation of the state's optometry board.","The statute will help to promote the state's optometry school.","The statute will help to ensure that the state's optometry school graduates have priority in getting licensed.","The statute will help to ensure a continuously available number of practicing optometrists within the state."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1249,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendant's actions were intentional and reckless, leading to the old lady's death. This situation does not fit the criteria for first degree murder or premeditated murder, as there was no prior planning or intent to kill. Voluntary manslaughter typically involves a killing in the heat of passion, which doesn't apply here. Involuntary manslaughter involves unintentional killing resulting from recklessness or criminal negligence, which fits this scenario well. The defendant's deliberate act of tripping the old lady, knowing it could cause harm, led to her death indirectly.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Defendant was waiting in line for post-Thanksgiving day sales. The door opened at 6 a.m. and hundreds of people rushed the entrance for a chance at a hugely discounted holiday gift. When defendant saw that there was a signed copy of a book written by his mother's favorite author, he jumped towards it, only to be blocked by a little old lady with a baseball bat. She was using the bat as a blocking tool, but he was determined to get the book, so he deliberately stuck his leg out in front of her and tripped her. She fell hard and in the process ended up with a blood clot in her leg, which traveled to her heart over a period of weeks, and ultimately caused her death. What crime can the defendant likely be convicted of?","score":1,"choices":["Battery","First degree murder","Premeditated murder","Involuntary manslaughter","Second degree murder","Aggravated assault","Third degree murder","No crime, it was a accident.","voluntary manslaughter"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1250,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The farmer acquired a prescriptive easement by using the road openly and adversely for the statutory period. An easement acquired by prescription is typically appurtenant, meaning it benefits the land (the vineyard) and not just the individual (the farmer). When the farmer conveyed the vineyard to the buyer, the easement would generally transfer with the land if it was appurtenant. Therefore, the key issue is whether the easement was appurtenant, as this determines if it automatically transferred with the vineyard to the buyer.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A landowner was the record owner of a 30-acre orchard outside the city. The landowner lived in a farmhouse on the orchard and used the property to raise produce. Adjoining the orchard directly to the west was a 10-acre vineyard that was owned in fee simple by a farmer. A four-lane highway adjoined the orchard directly to the east. The farmer discovered that the southern portion of the orchard was rarely used by the landowner for any of the landowner's farming activities and found a convenient gravel road leading from the vineyard across the orchard all the way to the four- lane highway. The farmer used this road adversely and openly for the entire 20-year prescriptive period, and in doing so, the farmer has acquired a prescriptive easement over the roadway across the orchard. Thereafter, the farmer conveys the vineyard to a buyer in fee simple. The deed recited that \"the grantor hereby conveys the vineyard, together with an easement for the right of way across the orcharX, to the grantee. \"After the buyer took possession of the vineyard, the landowner brought an appropriate action to prevent him from using the roadway across the orchard. The issue that will determine the outcome of this suit is whether","score":1,"choices":["the easement was appurtenant.","the roadway was necessary for the farmer's use of the vineyard.","easements can be reserved to third parties.","the buyer had knowledge of the easement prior to purchasing the vineyard.","the description in the farmer's deed to the buyer was adequate to identify the portion of the orchard that the farmer used as a roadway.","the farmer had the right to transfer the easement to the buyer.","the landowner had given express permission for the roadway to be used.","the buyer will make excessive use of the roadway.","the farmer used the roadway continuously for the required prescriptive period.","the deed mentioned the easement specifically."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1251,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on nuisance law for help. In nuisance law, a key factor is whether the activity unreasonably interferes with the use and enjoyment of someone's property. However, if the buyer was aware of the nuisance before purchasing the property, it can be argued that she consented to the existing conditions. This prior knowledge can significantly weaken her claim.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A buyer bought a large, nicely kept house near a university campus. She was able to buy the house for a very good price because it was located directly across the street from a fraternity house known for its frequent late-night parties. The buyer knew of the fraternity's reputation before she bought the house. The reputation was well deserved, and the buyer found the noise from the parties extremely unpleasant and disruptive. The buyer has asked an attorney for legal advice regarding a possible nuisance claim against the fraternity. Which of the following responses would best express the applicable law?","score":1,"choices":["\"You will be able to recover damages in a nuisance action, because the late-night activities of the fraternity members violate your right to the quiet enjoyment of your property.\"","\"You have no nuisance claim, because the fraternity members have the right to use their property as they please.\"","\"You will not have a nuisance claim unless you can prove the fraternity's activities have caused significant harm to your property.\"","\"You have no nuisance claim, as your awareness of the fraternity's reputation prior to buying the house implies consent to the noise.\"","\"You might have a nuisance claim, but you will need to gather evidence of the disruption caused by the fraternity's activities.\"","\"You have a strong nuisance claim, as the right to peaceful enjoyment of property overrides any activities of the fraternity.\"","\"You might have a nuisance claim, but the fact that you bought the house fully aware of the fraternity's habitual late-night activities will count against your claim and could help defeat it.\"","\"You cannot make a nuisance claim as the fraternity's activities do not exceed the normal bounds of property use.\"","\"You have a nuisance claim, as the fraternity's activities have disrupted your right to quiet enjoyment of your property, regardless of your prior knowledge.\""],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1252,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. However, there are exceptions to the warrant requirement, such as when officers are ensuring their safety or preventing the destruction of evidence.\n\n1. **Ski Mask**: The officer's inspection of the closet before allowing the defendant to enter was reasonable for officer safety, and the ski mask was in plain view during this lawful inspection. Therefore, its seizure is likely justified under the \"plain view\" doctrine.\n\n2. **Money**: The protective sweep conducted by the other officer must be limited to areas where an accomplice could reasonably be hiding. If the storage room was a place where a person could hide, then entering it might be justified. However, simply seeing money in a box does not automatically make it subject to seizure unless it was immediately apparent that it was evidence of a crime (e.g., marked bills known to be from the robbery).\n\nGiven these considerations:\n\n- The ski mask was found during a lawful search for officer safety and in plain view.\n- The money's admissibility depends on whether the protective sweep was justified and whether its incriminating nature was immediately apparent.\n\nThe most accurate answer based on these facts is:\nAnswer: A","question":"During a two-month span, there were 15 bank robberies in the city area. The robberies were carried out by a single individual who entered the banks wearing a ski mask and carrying a machine gun. The police received information from a reliable informant that the defendant was the person responsible for the robberies. Acting on this tip, the police secured a valid arrest warrant and went to the defendant's home to apprehend him. When the officers rang the doorbell, the defendant opened the door and was placed under arrest. The defendant, who was wearing only underwear, asked the officers if he could put on a shirt and pants. One of the police officers asked the defendant if anyone else was present in the house. The defendant indicated that he was alone. The officer then accompanied the defendant to his bedroom to change his clothes. When the defendant asked permission to enter the closet for his pants, the officer told him that he needed to inspect the closet first. While the officer was inside the closet, he saw a ski mask that he recognized as part of the apparel worn by the bank robber. The officer confiscated the ski mask and then allowed the defendant inside the closet to change his clothes. While the officer and the defendant were in the bedroom, the officer's partner decided to conduct a protective sweep of the other rooms of the dwelling to see if any accomplices were present. Upon entering a back storage room, the other officer saw a box containing a large amount of $100 bills. The officer confiscated the money, which was later determined to be part of the money stolen during one of the bank robberies. The defendant is subsequently prosecuted for bank robbery. The prosecution seeks to introduce the ski mask and the money found in his home into evidence. A motion by the defendant's attorney to exclude the items will be","score":1,"choices":["granted with respect to the money, but denied with respect to the ski mask.","granted, if the defendant can prove that the police did not have a valid warrant.","denied, if the prosecution can prove that the police had a valid warrant.","granted with respect to the money, if it can be proven that it was not obtained from the robberies.","granted with respect to the ski mask, but denied with respect to the money.","denied with respect to both the ski mask and the money.","denied with respect to the money, if it can be proven that it was obtained from the robberies.","granted with respect to the ski mask, if it can be proven that it was obtained illegally.","denied with respect to the ski mask, if it can be proven that it was used in the robberies.","granted with respect to both the ski mask and the money."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1253,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statement made by the accused can be considered an admission by a party-opponent, which is an exception to the hearsay rule under the Federal Rules of Evidence. This means that the statement can be used as evidence to show the relationship between the accused and the child, as well as the accused's knowledge of the family's wealth, which supports the prosecutor's theory of motive.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A foreign visitor was on trial for kidnapping a small child. The prosecutor stated that the visitor knew the child personally, which is why the child went with him, and that the perpetrator knew the child's parents had money. The prosecutor called a witness to testify that the perpetrator told the witness \"I am looking forward to visiting with the child and his parents. They have a wonderfully luxurious house that I will enjoy staying in.'' The defense objected to the proposed testimony. Will the court likely sustain the objection?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the statement does not directly implicate the accused in the crime.","No, the statement will serve to corroborate the prosecutor's theory of the case.","Yes, the statement is irrelevant to the issue of guilt or innocence.","Yes, the statement should be excluded because it could bias the jury.","Yes, the prejudice of the statement will greatly outweigh its probative value.","No, the statement can come in as impeachment if the accused takes the stand, and as a party admission to show the material facts of knowing the child and that the family had money.","Yes, the statement is hearsay and therefore inadmissible.","No, the statement helps establish the relationship between the accused and the child.","No, the statement is admissible to impeach the accused and establish he is lying on cross, if he takes the stand."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1254,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Rule against Perpetuities is a common law principle that prevents interests in property from being valid unless they must vest, if at all, no later than 21 years after some life in being at the creation of the interest. In this case, Walter's will created a trust with provisions that could potentially violate this rule because it involves future interests that might not vest within the required time frame. Specifically, the provision for the income to be paid to the living children of Harriet only after the death of Stan's widow could extend beyond the permissible period.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Walter, a widower, died in 1997 leaving $1,000,000 to Trend Trust Company in trust to pay the income to his son, Stan, for life. Stan was married to Morgana and had two children, Andrew and Beverly. Walter's will provided in part:\"The net income from this trust shall be paid to my son, Stan, for his life. Upon Stan's death, the net income is to be paid to any widow of Stan. Upon the death of Stan's widow, Trend Trust Company shall then pay the income (from said trust) to the living children of my sister, Harriet, in equal shares. \"Harriet's only surviving child, Grace, was born in 2001. Both Stan and Morgana died in an airplane crash in 2009. There is no statute modifying the common law in this jurisdiction. Harriet, on behalf of Grace, brings an appropriate action against the Trend Trust Company and Walter's estate to allow the distribution of the income from said trust to be paid to Grace. Is Harriet likely to prevail in this action?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the provisions under which Grace was intended to take violate the Rule against Perpetuities.","Yes, because Grace is the only surviving child of Harriet and therefore is entitled to the income from the trust.","Yes, because the death of Stan and Morgana in an airplane crash in 2009 triggered the provision for the income to be paid to the living children of Harriet.","Yes, because that was Walter's intent.","No, because the trust was to be paid to Grace only after the death of any widow of Stan, and Morgana's death nullified this provision.","Yes, because there is no statute modifying the common law in this jurisdiction that would prevent Grace from receiving the income from the trust.","Yes, because all other persons who would have had any claim to the income from the trust corpus are deceased.","No, because the trust explicitly states that the income is to be paid to the living children of Harriet only after the death of Stan's widow.","No, because the Rule against Perpetuities prevents the trust from being held indefinitely."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1255,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the U.S. Supreme Court for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has jurisdiction over cases that involve federal constitutional issues, even if they arise from state court decisions. Since the plaintiffs are challenging the constitutionality of the proposal, this involves a federal constitutional issue.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Before a proposal to merge two towns was placed on a ballot, the state attorney general issued an advisory opinion stating that the measure did not, in her opinion, violate any statutory or constitutional provisions. Thereafter, the proposal was placed on the ballot and was overwhelmingly passed by the voters in both towns. After the election, but before the merger had officially been carried out, two taxpayers from one of the towns initiated suit to enjoin the unification, attacking the constitutionality of the proposal. The suit reached the state supreme court and was found to be constitutional under both state and federal law. The plaintiffs now file a motion seeking to have thiscase reviewed by the U. S. Supreme Court. The Court may","score":0,"choices":["not hear the case, because it was decided on independent state grounds.","not hear the case, because the U.S. Supreme Court does not have jurisdiction over state matters","not hear the case, but may have it remanded to federal district court.","hear the case because it involves a constitutional issue","hear the federal issues involved, but decline to rule on the state issue.","hear the case, but only rule on the constitutionality of the merger","hear the case on the grounds that the plaintiffs have a right to a federal hearing","rely on the advisory opinion rendered by the state attorney general and not hear the case on its merits.","not hear the case, because the U.S. Supreme Court does not review state supreme court decisions unless federal law is violated.","not hear the case, because the state supreme court's decision is final"],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":1256,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 52(a) requires that in all actions tried upon the facts without a jury, the court must find the facts specially and state separately its conclusions of law thereon. This means that the trial court should have provided findings of fact and conclusions of law to support its judgment. The absence of these findings and conclusions is a strong procedural error that can be grounds for an appeal.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A manufacturer sued a buyer in federal court for failing to make timely payments under the parties' sales contract. The case was tried to the court solely on documentary evidence. Immediately after the close of the evidence, the judge announced from the bench, \"Judgment shall be entered for the manufacturer,\" and judgment was so entered. The buyer has appealed the judgment. What is the buyer's best argument for persuading the appellate court to reverse the judgment?","score":1,"choices":["The buyer was not given sufficient time to prepare a defense.","The trial court erred by making a decision without hearing oral arguments.","The manufacturer was required to file proposed findings and conclusions before the trial court ruled.","The trial court erred because it did not consider the buyer's financial circumstances.","The trial court erred by not providing findings and conclusions.","The judgment is clearly erroneous because it was based solely on documentary evidence.","The trial court erred by not allowing the buyer to cross-examine the manufacturer.","The judgment is invalid because the trial court did not consider the credibility of the documentary evidence.","The manufacturer failed to establish a prima facie case against the buyer."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1257,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to effective assistance of counsel. When an attorney represents co-defendants, there is a potential conflict of interest if their defenses are antagonistic. In this case, the younger brother's defense is that he was coerced by the older brother, which directly conflicts with the older brother's defense. This creates a significant conflict of interest that cannot be waived simply by consent.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An older and younger brother had always done everything together. They had grown up together, gone to school together, and partied together. One night, while drinking at a bar, both brothers decided that they wanted a little more action than the bar was offering up, so they left and went to a strip club. At the strip club, they paid for private dances and attempted to have conversations with the women. As hard as they tried, the women who worked in the club did not seem as interested in the brothers as they were in the women. As the night wore on, the brothers decided that they would wait behind the club until closing for the women to come out. The victim, who had given a dance to one of the brothers, came out and proceeded to walk to her car. One of the brothers grabbed the victim from behind and pulled her to the ground while the other brother sexually assaulted her. Both brothers were arrested and charged with the rape of the victim. Their long-time family attorney represented them both at their trial. The younger brother intended to testify that his older brother had forced him to hold the victim down by threatening him with a gun. If appropriate objections are made by either brother, the court should rule that the attorney's representation of the brothers at trial","score":0,"choices":["did not violate the older brother's constitutional rights if he separately paid for his representation.","violated the older brother's Sixth Amendment right to counsel.","violated both brothers' Sixth Amendment right to counsel.","did not violate any constitutional rights as long as the attorney had the consent of both brothers.","constituted an impermissible conflict of interest only if the brothers had not been informed of the potential conflict.","violated the younger brother's constitutional rights, but did not infringe on the older brother's rights if he was not threatened with a gun.","violated the younger brother's constitutional rights, but did not infringe on the older brother's constitutional rights.","violated the younger brother's Sixth Amendment right to counsel.","did not constitute a conflict of interest if the attorney had the consent of both brothers."],"correct":"H","answer":"C"}
{"number":1258,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. The testimony in question is an out-of-court statement made by a man on death row, which is being offered to prove that he hired another man to shoot the victim. This makes it hearsay. \n\nTo determine if it falls within any recognized exception, we need to consider the nature of the statement. It does not fit into exceptions like dying declaration (which requires the declarant to believe death is imminent), prior statement by witness, or statements made for medical diagnosis or treatment. It also does not fit into statements made during or immediately after the event, or statements of personal or family history.\n\nThe closest exception might be an admission, but admissions typically apply to parties in the case, not third parties. Therefore, this testimony would likely be considered hearsay not within any recognized exception.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man is charged with murder. During the trial, defense counsel offers the testimony of a man on death row admitting he hired another man to shoot the victim. The testimony is","score":0,"choices":["hearsay, but admissible as an admission.","hearsay, but admissible as a dying declaration.","hearsay, but admissible as a prior statement by witness.","hearsay not within any recognized exception.","not hearsay.","hearsay, but admissible as a statement under belief of impending death.","hearsay, but admissible as a statement made during or immediately after the event.","hearsay, but admissible as a statement made for medical diagnosis or treatment.","hearsay, but admissible as a statement of personal or family history."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1259,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Larceny is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. In this case, the defendant took her own car, not someone else's property. Therefore, she cannot be charged with larceny of her own vehicle.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A defendant was going out to dinner, and she parked her car at a parking lot across the street from the restaurant. The parking attendant directed the defendant to leave her keys in the car, and he handed her a receipt as she left. Following dinner, the defendant went back to the parking lot and handed her receipt to the attendant who informed her that the parking charge would be $14. Visibly irate, she told the attendant that $14 was much too high for a two-hour parking fee. The parking attendant responded that unless she paid the $14, he could not return her car. She adamantly refused to pay the $14, and her friend, with whom she was having dinner, drove the defendant home in her car. Later that same night, the defendant decided to regain possession of her car with a spare set of keys. She returned to the lot and drove her car home. If the defendant is subsequently charged with larceny, she will most likely be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, because she did not take possession of another person's property.","guilty, because she intentionally avoided paying the parking fee by using her spare keys.","guilty, because she acted with the intent to deprive the parking lot of its rightful fee.","guilty, because she was under a binding contractual obligation to pay the parking fee.","not guilty, because the parking attendant did not have a legal right to withhold her car.","not guilty, because the parking lot's charges were not agreed upon in advance.","not guilty, because the $14 charge was excessively high.","guilty, because she failed to pay the $14 before regaining possession of her car.","guilty, because she knowingly took her car without the consent of the parking attendant.","not guilty, because the defendant cannot be charged with larceny of her own motor vehicle."],"correct":"H","answer":"J"}
{"number":1260,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the rules of evidence, an expert witness may provide an opinion based on facts or data made known to them at or before the trial. The toxicologist, having heard all the evidence presented in court, can form an opinion based on that information. This is permissible as long as the expert's testimony is relevant and can assist the jury in understanding the evidence or determining a fact in issue.\nAnswer: C","question":"A doctor is charged with the murder of his wife. The prosecution alleges that he murdered his wife by giving her a massive injection of succinylcholine while she was asleep. Succinylcholine is a drug used in small quantities by anesthesiologists as a muscle relaxant. The prosecution claims that the fatal dose given to the wife so totally relaxed her lung muscles that she suffocated. During the trial, a toxicologist, who had no previous knowledge of the case, sat in court and heard all of the evidence about the wife's death and autopsy. As part of the doctor's defense, his attorney calls the toxicologist to give his opinion on the cause of the wife's death. May the toxicologist so testify?","score":1,"choices":["No, because he did not directly examine the wife's body.","No, because the cause of death is an issue to be decided by the jury.","Yes, because an expert may base his opinion on facts made known to him at the trial.","Yes, because he has relevant experience in the field of toxicology.","No, because he has no personal knowledge of the wife's death.","Yes, because he can provide an unbiased perspective.","No, because he did not conduct the autopsy himself.","No, because his testimony might bias the jury.","Yes, because he can identify the data upon which his opinion is based.","Yes, because his professional expertise allows him to form a valid opinion."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1261,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Strict liability in tort law often applies to inherently dangerous activities or animals known to be dangerous. Domesticated dogs generally do not fall under strict liability unless they have known dangerous propensities. Since Rover was a domesticated dog and had no history of causing harm, strict liability would not typically apply.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Doug Dogman had a domesticated golden retriever named Rover. Rover was a good, friendly dog who loved to run and chase cars but had never hurt anyone. One dark evening before the street lights turned on, Rover was chasing cars in the street, and Ginny Grandmother, aged 85, swerved to avoid hitting the dog. As she swerved, Ginny hit a parked car and suffered a head injury. If Ginny brings suit against Doug Dogman under a strict liability theory, the court will likely find for","score":1,"choices":["Doug, unless a statute or ordinance bans unleashed dogs on public streets.","Doug, because Retriever is a domesticated animal.","Ginny, because Rover was not on a leash and was not supervised.","Doug, because Ginny was responsible for maintaining control of her vehicle.","Ginny, because Rover was chasing cars, a potentially dangerous activity.","Ginny, because Doug's dog was a cause in fact of Ginny's injuries.","Doug, because the strict liability rule for dogs would not include dogs not displaying vicious propensities.","Doug, because Rover was not known to be a dangerous dog.","Doug, because Ginny was negligent in hitting a parked car.","Ginny, because Doug was not present when the incident occurred."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1262,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation for help. Under common law, defamation requires the publication of a false statement to a third party that harms the reputation of the plaintiff. In this case, the defamatory letter was sent directly to the manager and not communicated to any third party. Therefore, there was no \"publication\" as required by the common law definition of defamation.\nAnswer: H","question":"A manager's competitor sent a defamatory letter to the manager accusing him of professional incompetence and calling him one of the worst businessmen in town. It was addressed to the manager. He read it, put it in a private drawer, and did not read it again. Later, he tried to sue the competitor for defamation as a result of the letter. Will the court likely grant the defendant's motion to dismiss, and on what grounds? Base your answer on the common law definition of defamation.","score":1,"choices":["No, it will not dismiss because a plaintiff in a defamatory action has an absolute right to a jury trial to prove defamation.","Yes, it will dismiss on the grounds that the manager did not suffer any actual harm or damage as a result of the letter.","No, it will not dismiss because the manager has the right to sue for emotional damages.","No, it will not dismiss because the letter constitutes malicious intent.","Yes, it will dismiss on the basis that the language is not damaging to the manager's reputation.","Yes, it will dismiss because the competitor has freedom of speech.","No, it will not dismiss because the competitor intentionally sent the letter to harm the manager's reputation.","Yes, it will dismiss on the basis that the publication is made to the manager alone.","No, it will not dismiss because the circumstances show that all of the elements of defamation are all present.","Yes, it will dismiss on the grounds that the letter does not specifically mention the manager's profession."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1263,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The key issue here is the defendant's knowledge and actions. The defendant knew that his classmate was drunk when he lent him his car, which demonstrates a reckless disregard for the safety of others. This recklessness is a crucial factor in determining liability for manslaughter, as it shows a conscious disregard of a substantial and unjustifiable risk.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant and a classmate were students at a state college. They were spending a leisurely afternoon listening to music in the defendant's dorm room. They had just consumed a six-pack of beer when the classmate asked the defendant if there was anything else to drink. The defendant indicated there wasn't and suggested that his classmate drive to the store and buy another six-pack. The classmate told the defendant that his car wasn't working and asked the defendant if he could borrow his. The defendant assented and gave his classmate the keys to his car. The defendant knew that the classmate was drunk when he lent him his car. The classmate was driving to the store at an excessive rate of speed. As he approached an intersection, he was traveling at 70 M. PJ-I. When he came to the intersection, the light turned red. The classmate, who made no effort to stop in time, drove through the red light and collided with another car. The driver of the other car, who had entered the intersection with a green light, was killed in the accident. In the event that the defendant can be convicted of manslaughter, it will most likely be upon the basis of","score":1,"choices":["responsibility as the owner of the vehicle involved in the accident.","recklessness in lending his car to his classmate.","liability for providing alcohol to his classmate.","participation in the drinking session prior to the accident.","indirect involvement in the accident due to his car being involved.","joint venture in lending his car to his classmate for a common purpose.","negligence in not maintaining the carâ€™s brake system.","responsibility for the accident as an accomplice.","negligence in not preventing his classmate from driving drunk.","vicarious liability for the conduct of his classmate."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1264,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendants forced their way into the victim's home, which constitutes burglary. They threatened her with bodily harm and tied her up, which constitutes assault and possibly battery. They took valuables from her home, which constitutes robbery (taking property by force or threat of force). Larceny is the unlawful taking of someone's property without force or threat, so it does not apply here as the robbery charge covers the theft with force.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"One night, a victim was in her home when she heard the doorbell ring. When the victim opened the door, she was confronted by three defendants. They pushed the victim inside her house and threatened her with bodily harm if she didn't cooperate. After tying her up with ropes, the trio then proceeded to ransack the victim's home. They then placed many of the victim's valuables and other possessions into a large sack and hurriedly left her house. What crimes should the defendants be convicted of?","score":1,"choices":["Assault only.","Kidnapping, assault, and robbery.","Kidnapping and larceny.","Robbery only.","Assault, battery, and robbery.","Robbery and burglary.","Kidnapping, larceny, and burglary.","Larceny and assault.","Larceny, robbery, and burglary.","Assault, battery, larceny, and burglary."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1265,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In legal proceedings, demonstrative evidence is often used to help the jury understand the facts of the case. Exhibiting a child to show physical resemblance can be considered a form of demonstrative evidence. However, it must be weighed against potential prejudice and relevance. Courts generally allow such evidence if it is deemed relevant and not overly prejudicial.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"During a paternity trial, the mother's attorney asks to have the baby girl, now 36 months old, exhibited for the purpose of calling attention to certain facial resemblances between the child and the reputed father. The defendant's attorney objects to the offering of the baby into evidence for comparison. The trial judge should","score":1,"choices":["permit the child to be exhibited as a non-objectionable form of demonstrative evidence.","not permit the child to be exhibited, because such an exhibition would violate the child's rights.","not permit the child to be exhibited, because such an exhibition would be self-serving to the complainant.","not permit the child to be exhibited, because such an exhibition would be highly prejudicial to the defendant.","permit the child to be exhibited as within the hearsay exception of pedigree.","not permit the child to be exhibited, as it could emotionally distress the child.","permit the child to be exhibited, but only under specific conditions set by the court.","permit the child to be exhibited, as it may provide relevant evidence to the jury.","not permit the child to be exhibited, as the physical resemblance is not a scientifically reliable form of evidence.","permit the child to be exhibited, but only if both parties agree to it."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1266,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Property owners generally have rights to the airspace above their land, although these rights are not unlimited and must be balanced against the rights of others. The key issue here is whether the aunt's use of the airspace constitutes an unreasonable interference with the brother's use and enjoyment of his property.\n\nThe brother's right to quiet enjoyment and reasonable use of his property is being interfered with by the aunt's experiments, which are conducted in the airspace directly above his land. This interference is not merely theoretical; it has a practical impact on his ham radio operations.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A landowner, her aunt, and her brother are the owners of three contiguous lots. A downward slope exists from the landowner's land to the brother'sland. The aunt, the owner in the middle of the three lots, was an amateur scientist. She began experimentation with electricity, using a lightning rod to conduct her experiments. Frequently, the electrical storms apparently originated in and over the area within which the brother's land is located. Because of this, the aunt would often angle her rod over the fence between her property and the brother's property to maximize her chances of success. After one entire rainy and windy season of experiments, the brother had grown tired of the aunt's lightning-rod intrusions because they interfered with his ham radio operations in his garage. The brother brought suit to enjoin such lightning-rod experiments. At trial, it was found that the aunt had been conducting her activities in the airspace directly above the brother's land. The court should","score":1,"choices":["not enjoin the aunt's experiments because the brother does not own the space above his land.","enjoin the aunt's experiments because they can potentially cause harm to the brother's ham radio operations.","enjoin the aunt's experiments because they constitute an unreasonable interference with the space above the brother's land.","enjoin the aunt's experiments because one does not have the right to engage in such scientific experiment without permission.","enjoin the aunt's experiments because the brother has a right to quiet enjoyment of his property.","not enjoin the aunt's experiments if they do not physically damage the brother's property.","not enjoin the aunt's experiments because they contribute to scientific research and discovery.","enjoin the aunt's experiments because she did not have proper permits for scientific experimentation.","not enjoin the aunt's lightning rod experiments if they were necessary to protect her property from the electrical storms.","not enjoin the aunt's experiments because the electrical storms are natural occurrences that she cannot control."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1267,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. The Supreme Court has ruled in cases such as United States v. Jones (2012) that attaching a GPS tracking device to a vehicle and using it to monitor the vehicle's movements constitutes a search under the Fourth Amendment. In this case, the police did not secure a warrant before placing the tracking device on the pharmacist's car, which means the search was conducted without proper authorization. Consequently, any evidence obtained as a result of this illegal search would be considered \"fruit of the poisonous tree\" and should be suppressed.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The police received an anonymous tip informing them that a pharmacist was engaged in the illegal manufacture of synthetic cocaine. As part of its investigation, the police placed an electronic tracking device on the pharmacist's car. The tracking device was attached to the underbody of the pharmacist's car while it was parked outside his home. The police did not secure a warrant before installing the device. By means of the tracking device, the police were able to trail the pharmacist's movements. The police followed the pharmacist every day for almost a month. Finally, one day the police tracked the pharmacist's car to a vacant warehouse on the outskirts of town. While the pharmacist was inside the building, the police peered in the window and saw drug paraphernalia and equipment used in the manufacture of synthetic cocaine. Based on these observations, the police secured a search warrant and gained entry into the building. Once inside, the police arrested the pharmacist and confiscated a large quantity of synthetic cocaine that had just been produced. At his trial for illegal possession and manufacture of a controlled dangerous substance, the pharmacist moves to suppress the cocaine confiscated by the police. The pharmacist's motion will most likely be","score":0,"choices":["denied, because the police acted in good faith when placing the tracking device.","denied, because the police had reasonable suspicion to track the pharmacist's movements.","granted, because the pharmacist had a reasonable expectation of privacy in his car.","granted, because the police did not have a warrant to place the tracking device on the pharmacist's car.","denied, because the police could have discovered the location of the warehouse simply by following the pharmacist's car.","denied, because the evidence would have inevitably been discovered.","denied, because the electronic surveillance of the pharmacist's car did not exceed 30 days.","granted, because the police invaded the pharmacist's privacy by peering into the warehouse window.","granted, because the information upon which the search warrant was based was illegally obtained by means of the tracking device.","granted, because the seizure must be suppressed as the fruit of an illegal search."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1268,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law and vicarious liability for help. In this scenario, the key issue is whether the employee was acting within the scope of his employment at the time of the accident. Generally, an employer can be held liable for the actions of an employee if those actions occur within the scope of employment. However, if the employee was engaged in a personal errand that was not related to his job duties, then he may be considered to be acting outside the scope of employment.\n\nHere, the employee was on a personal errand (delivering a birthday present to his girlfriend) that was unrelated to his job duties. Although he was using the company van and was on duty, his actions were not in furtherance of his employer's business at the time of the accident.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An employee wdrked as a delivery person for a drugstore. As part of the employee's duties and responsibilities, he would regularly deliver prescriptions and other items (such as toiletries, cosmetics, vitamins, and gift products) to customers. One afternoon while the employee was on duty, he remembered that it was his girlfriend's birthday. He went ahead and bought her a bottle of perfume from the pharmacy's cosmetics department. The employee paid the full price of $79. 95 for the perfume and had the perfume gift wrapped. He then drove to the girlfriend's house in the company van to personally deliver the birthday present. This trip took place during the employee's regular working hours while he was en route to make another delivery from his van. As he was traveling to the girlfriend's house, he was in such a hurry that he drove through a red light and collided with a vehicle owned and operated by a driver. The driver, who had entered the intersection on the green light, tried unsuccessfully to swerve and stop but was unable to avoid the employee's vehicle. The driver was injured in the accident, which caused extensive damage to both vehicles. If the driver brings suit against the drugstore to recover damages arising from the accident, the driver will probably","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the employee was using the company van at the time of the accident.","not prevail, because the employee paid for the perfume with his own money.","prevail, because the driver had the right of way at the time of the accident.","prevail, because the employee was under the control and direction of the drugstore at the time of the accident.","not prevail, because the employee was personally responsible for the accident.","not prevail, because the drugstore did not directly cause the accident.","not prevail, because the drugstore was not negligent in hiring the employee.","prevail, because the employee was on duty at the time of the accident.","not prevail, because the employee was acting outside the scope of the employment relationship at the time of the accident.","prevail, because the employee paid for the perfume."],"correct":"D","answer":"I"}
{"number":1269,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the search of the vehicle was lawful under the Fourth Amendment, which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. \n\nThe Supreme Court has established several exceptions to the warrant requirement for vehicle searches. One relevant exception is the \"search incident to arrest\" doctrine, which allows officers to search a vehicle if it is reasonable to believe that evidence relevant to the crime of arrest might be found in the vehicle (Arizona v. Gant). However, in this case, since the driver was secured in the squad car and there was no reason to believe that evidence related to driving with a suspended license would be found in the car, this exception may not apply.\n\nAnother relevant exception is the \"automobile exception,\" which allows officers to search a vehicle without a warrant if they have probable cause to believe it contains evidence of a crime. However, in this scenario, finding out about the suspended license does not provide probable cause to search for drugs.\n\nGiven these considerations, it is likely that the court will grant the suppression motion because there was no valid reason or probable cause for searching the vehicle after securing the driver.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A highway patrol officer stopped a driver for speeding and found that the person had a suspended license. He allowed her husband to drive the car home but arrested her for driving under suspension. After securing her inside the squad car, he conducted a search of her vehicle. The officer found a bag of cocaine inside a zippered jacket on the back seat. He arrested her for possession and possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance. Prior to trial, the driver moved for suppression of the cocaine. Is it likely that the trial court will grant the suppression motion?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the motion will be granted because a search of a vehicle requires a search warrant unless there are exceptional exigent circumstances.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the officer did not have the driver's consent to search the car.","No, the motion will be denied because the officer had the right to search the car for officer safety reasons.","No, the motion will be denied because the officer had a reasonable suspicion to search the car due to the driver's suspended license.","No, the motion will be denied because the officer had probable cause to search the car after finding out about the suspended license.","No, the motion will be denied because this was a valid search incident to an arrest.","Yes, it must be suppressed because she was secured in the squad car and the police could not expect to find evidence relating to the current arrest in the car.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the cocaine was found in a personal item, not in plain sight.","No, the motion will be denied because there is no expectation of privacy toward property inside one's car.","Yes, the motion will be granted because the officer did not have a warrant to search the jacket on the back seat."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1270,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The state court must consider the best interests of the child and whether the refusal to authorize medical treatment is justified based on current knowledge. The court's primary concern is the welfare of the child, not the religious beliefs of the mother or her status as a taxpayer. \n\nAnswer: B","question":"A 3-week-old baby, came down with a very high fever. The baby's pediatrician informed the mother that unless her son received immediate medical treatment, he would die. The mother objected on religious grounds. She claimed that it would be better for her son to die if that was his fate. The pediatrician sought an order from the state court. The mother was present with her lawyer at the court. In deciding whether it may issue such an order in face of all relevant constitutional defenses by the mother, which of the following must the state court consider?","score":1,"choices":["Whether the mother is a taxpayer of the state in which the court is located.","Whether the mother's refusal to authorize medical treatment is justified on the basis of current knowledge.","Whether the mother's religious beliefs are recognized by the state.","Whether the mother has a history of neglect or child abuse.","Whether the hospital is owned and operated by the state."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1271,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statute of limitations for murder in this jurisdiction is five years, and the indictment was made within that period. The delay in indictment does not automatically violate the Constitution as long as it does not exceed the statute of limitations and is for a permissible purpose. The prosecutor delayed the indictment to try to identify the accomplice, which can be considered a valid reason.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Two men held-up a liquor store in a city. During the robbery, one of the participants shot and killed the owner of the store. Over a year later, police detectives arrested a defendant after obtaining reliable information that the defendant was the robber who was responsible for killing the store's owner. Afterward, the defendant was taken to the station house where he was booked for the crime and then incarcerated. The next day, the prosecuting attorney made a decision to delay indictment until he could discover the identity of the defendant's accomplice. The defendant was then released from police custody. In this jurisdiction the statute of limitations for murder is five years. Five months later, the prosecuting attorney, after unsuccessfully attempting to secure information on the defendant's cohort, indicted the defendant, charging him with felony murder. Shortly before trial, the only eyewitness to the crime died. He would have testified that the defendant did not participate in the robbery. The defendant's motion to dismiss the indictment because of the delay between the date of the crime and the date of the indictment will most probably be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the delay did not infringe upon the defendant's rights.","granted, because the delay in prosecuting the defendant actually prejudiced him.","granted, because the defendant was not given the opportunity to confront his accuser.","denied, because pre-indictment delay does not violate the Constitution, as long as it does not exceed an applicable statute of limitations.","denied, because the delay was not excessive and was for a permissible purpose.","granted, because the only eyewitness to the crime died before the trial.","denied, because the defendant was eventually charged within the statute of limitations.","denied, because the prosecutor had a valid reason to delay the indictment.","granted, because the prosecutor failed to find the defendant's accomplice.","granted, because the prosecutor is constitutionally required to press charges, if at all, within a reasonable time after probable cause is established."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1272,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has held that due process requires notice reasonably calculated, under all the circumstances, to apprise interested parties of the pendency of the action and afford them an opportunity to present their objections. In cases where initial attempts at notice fail, additional reasonable steps must be taken if it is practicable to do so. This principle was established in cases such as \"Mullane v. Central Hanover Bank & Trust Co.\" and \"Jones v. Flowers.\"\n\nIn this scenario, the county knew that its certified mail notices were unclaimed, yet it did not take additional reasonable steps to ensure notice, such as posting a notice on the property or attempting other means of contact.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The owner of real estate neglected to pay his real estate tax bills. The county tax bureau sent a notice by certified mail to him at the property address informing that the property would be sold at a public sale if the taxes were not paid. Nobody was home to sign for the letter and nobody claimed it. It was returned to the county marked \"unclaimed.\" One year later the property was advertised in the local newspaper and exposed to public sale. Prior to completing the sale, the county sent another notice to the owner that came back \"unclaimed.\" The buyer at the sale tried to evict the owner. The owner filed a complaint against the county and the buyer claiming a taking of his property without due process. The state courts held that the procedure complied with due process notice. The case came before the U.S. Supreme Court. What was the likely decision of the Supreme Court regarding the method of notice provided here?","score":1,"choices":["The notice was sufficient as the county followed all the legal procedures required.","The county did not provide adequate notice as they did not post the notice on the property itself.","The notice was inadequate as the county did not attempt to contact the owner via telephone or email.","Additional attempts at notice are required if at all possible when the county knows in advance that its methods were returned as unclaimed.","Certified mail addressed to the owner of the property is always sufficient notice for due process purposes.","The method of notice was sufficient as the owner had neglected to update his contact information with the county.","The notice was adequate as it was published in the local newspaper.","The notice was adequate because it was sent twice and was fairly calculated to get to the right person.","The county's notice was inadequate because it must have the sheriff serve the notice personally on the owner under U.S. Supreme Court precedent."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1273,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation law for help. In defamation cases, especially involving public figures or matters of public concern, the plaintiff must often prove that the defendant acted with \"actual malice\" â€” meaning they knew the statement was false or acted with reckless disregard for the truth. Here, the professor must show that the law journal either knew the information was false or published it with reckless disregard for its truthfulness.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A professor was employed by a bar review course as a lecturer. After lecturing for the bar review course for 10 years, the professor was suddenly fired. Because the professor was such a popular and well-respected individual in the bar review industry, there was much speculation and interest concerning his termination. A reporter for the local law journal telephoned the bar review course's administrative director and inquired why the professor had been fired. The director told the reporter that the professor was fired because the president of the bar review course believed that the professor had embezzled money. The next day, the reporter wrote an article that was published by the law journal, which quoted the director and stated that the professor \"was fired because he had embezzled money. \" It was later learned that the professor was not responsible for any unlawful conduct and had not embezzled funds. If the professor asserts a defamation action against the law journal, he will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not prevail, because the law journal had no obligation to investigate the truth of the director's claim.","not prevail, because the law journal was merely repeating what it had been told by a source.","prevail, if the newspaper was negligent in notascertaining whether the professor had actually embezzled any funds.","prevail, if the professor proves malice.","not prevail, if the professor can't prove that the statement was false.","not prevail, because the director was merely providing an opinion about the reason for the professor's termination.","prevail, if the professor can demonstrate that the law journal failed to make a reasonable effort to verify the information.","prevail, if the professor can prove that the law journal had a reckless disregard for the truth.","not prevail, because the law journal had a right to publish newsworthy information.","prevail, if the professor can prove that the law journal published the article with knowledge of its falsity."],"correct":"C","answer":"H"}
{"number":1274,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The referendum procedure is a common democratic process that allows citizens to vote directly on specific legislative issues. The U.S. Supreme Court has generally upheld the use of referenda as a valid exercise of democratic governance, provided they do not violate other constitutional protections. In this context, the most applicable rule would be that the referendum procedure, as a basic instrument of the democratic process, does not violate the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A state's constitution reserves to the people of each municipality in the state the power of referendum with respect to all questions that the municipality is authorized to control by legislation. A real estate developer applied for a zoning change to permit construction of a water park on land he owned in a city within the state. While the application was pending, the city's charter was amended by popular vote so as to require that any changes in land use agreed to by the city council be approved by a 55% vote in a referendum. The city planning commission and the city council both approved the proposed zoning change. However, the commission rejected the developer's subsequent application for \"recreational area\" approval for the proposed water park on the grounds that the council's rezoning action had not been submitted to a referendum. Assume that while the action was pending in the state court, the proposed zoning change was defeated in a referendum. Which would be the most applicable rule of constitutional law with respect to the referendum procedure when applied to a rezoning ordinance?","score":1,"choices":["The referendum procedure is violative of the due process clause of the FourteenthAmendment.","The referendum procedure is arbitrary and capricious and thus should be held invalid as an unlawful delegation of legislative power.","The referendum procedure is not applicable in this context as it is only for state-wide legislation.","The referendum procedure as a basic instrument of the democratic process does not violate the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The referendum procedure is a violation of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The referendum procedure is valid only if it is not influenced by external factors.","The referendum procedure is unconstitutional as it infringes on the rights of property owners.","The referendum procedure is only applicable in cases of major legislative changes, not zoning changes.","The referendum procedure in this context is invalid as against publicpolicy."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1275,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects the right to freedom of speech, which includes peaceful picketing and protest. Any ordinance that restricts this right must be narrowly tailored and serve a significant governmental interest. The ordinance in question requires permission from the mayor, which could be seen as an infringement on the union's right to freedom of speech. Therefore, the court will most likely deny relief because the ordinance infringes on the union's right to freedom of speech.\nAnswer: H","question":"A teachers union, a nongovernmental entity, seeks to picket the local city school board for its decision to require higher certification for instructors who wish to teach in the gifted and talented classes in elementary school. After a few days of picketing, the school board seeks a temporary injunction in the state court to restrain further picketing of the school board. The school board insists that the teachers union has violated Section 101 of the city's picketing ordinance. Section 101 reads as follows:\"Section 101. No picketing shall be permitted inside of, or on any sidewalk or street immediately adjacent or contiguous to public elementary and secondary schools without express permission of the mayor. Applications for such permission shall be filed at least three days before such picketing is intended to begin and shall state the purpose, place, and time of the proposed picketing. \"The court will most likely","score":0,"choices":["deny relief, because the ordinance does not clearly define what constitutes as \"immediately adjacent or contiguous.\"","deny relief, because the teachers union has the right to peaceful protest.","deny relief, because the picketing ordinancewas unconstitutional on its face.","grant relief, because the ordinance isconstitutional.","grant relief, because the ordinance is necessary for the maintenance of peace and order around schools.","grant relief, because the picketing disrupted the operation of the school.","deny relief, because the ordinance does notprovide procedural due process.","deny relief, because the ordinance infringes on the union's right to freedom of speech.","grant relief, because the teachers union did not receive permission from the mayor."],"correct":"C","answer":"H"}
{"number":1276,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The Federal Rules of Evidence allow for the admission of evidence showing the absence of a record in a public agency's files, as this can be relevant to proving that an event did not occur or that a person was not employed. Specifically, Rule 803(7) provides an exception to the hearsay rule for the absence of an entry in records kept in accordance with regularly conducted activity.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant was charged with illegally selling arms to a foreign country without a government license. During the trial, the defendant admitted selling the weapons, which included missiles, rocket launchers, bazookas, and ammunition, to agents of the foreign country. In his defense, however, the defendant testified that he did not sell the arms as a private citizen, but rather for his employer, a federal agency. In rebutting the defendant's testimony, the government called a high-ranking official from the federal agency to the stand. He testified that if the defendant were, in fact, a member of the agency, that information would ordinarily be contained in the agency's employment records. Asked whether the defendant's employment records were on file with the agency, the official then testified, \"I have searched the agency employment records diligently, but I haven't found any documentation that the defendant was employed by the agency. \"Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the official's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because it shows the absence of an entry in the record of a public agency.","inadmissible, because it is an opinion rather than a fact.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because the official's statement is speculative and not based on concrete evidence.","admissible, because the official had firsthand knowledge of the information contained in the agency's employment records.","admissible, because the official is an authoritative figure in the agency.","admissible, because it directly contradicts the defendant's testimony.","inadmissible, because the official did not personally verify the absence of the defendant's employment records.","inadmissible, because the agency employment records are the best evidence to substantiate whether the defendant was actually in the employ of the governmental intelligence agency.","admissible, as it provides evidence of the agency's standard operating procedures."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1277,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supreme Court has ruled in cases involving offensive speech, such as Snyder v. Phelps (2011), where the Court held that the First Amendment protects even hurtful speech on public issues to ensure that public debate is not stifled. The Court found in favor of the preacher, emphasizing the protection of free speech, even if it is offensive or hateful.\nAnswer: C","question":"A preacher and his posse make a habit of showing up at funerals of soldiers suspected to be gay, carrying obnoxious signs and yelling out hurtful epithets. Finally, the parents of one dead soldier has enough and sues the preacher, and the case goes all the way to the Supreme Court. Would the Court likely find in favor of the preacher or the father?","score":0,"choices":["The father, because the preacher's actions disturbed the peace of a private event.","The preacher, because it involves a matter of public interest.","The preacher, because the First Amendment protects even offensive or hateful speech.","The father, as a funeral is a private affair.","The preacher, because his actions are protected under freedom of speech and religion.","The father, because the preacher's actions were intentionally disruptive and disrespectful.","The preacher, because he has a right to express his religious views regardless of the context.","The father, because the First Amendment does not include protection for vicious verbal assaults such as this.","The father, because the preacher's actions constitute harassment and are therefore not protected by the First Amendment."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1278,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Larceny is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. In this scenario, the defendant took the jacket by mistake, believing it to be his own, and returned it upon realizing the error. This indicates a lack of intent to permanently deprive the owner of the jacket, which is a necessary element for larceny.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A defendant was wearing a black leather jacket when he entered a deli for lunch. He placed his jacket on a coat rack located in the front of the deli. After his meal, the defendant picked up a similar black leather jacket, believing it to be his own. The jacket he took, however, belonged to another customer. The defendant left the deli and walked a short distance before realizing he had taken the wrong jacket by mistake. He then returned to the deli and placed the jacket back on the coat rack. He found his own jacket, which had been partially hidden under a stack of other coats. If the defendant were arrested and charged with larceny of the other customer's jacket, he will most likely be acquitted because","score":0,"choices":["he did not travel a significant distance with the jacket.","there was a mistake of fact.","he had no prior criminal record related to larceny.","there was no fraudulent conversion.","the jacket was not in his possession for a long period of time.","the jacket was returned in the same condition as when it was taken.","he returned the jacket after discovering his mistake.","he was able to locate his own jacket upon return.","he lacked the requisite state of mind.","he had no intent to permanently deprive the other customer of the jacket."],"correct":"I","answer":"J"}
{"number":1279,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, a witness's credibility can be impeached by evidence of a prior conviction if the crime was punishable by death or imprisonment for more than one year (a felony), regardless of whether the witness is a criminal defendant or not. Sally's conviction for vehicular homicide carries a maximum penalty in excess of one year, making it admissible for impeachment purposes.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"The State of Florida is prosecuting a former police officer for extortion of money from prostitutes. One of the State's witnesses is Sally. Sally has an adult conviction for vehicular homicide. She was charged with driving a car in a reckless manner resulting in the death of her sister, a passenger in the car. Sally pleaded nolo contendere, was adjudicated guilty and received a suspended sentence although she could have received a sentence of state imprisonment up to 5 years. At trial, evidence of this conviction is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible to impeach Sally because the conviction is not related to the case.","inadmissible to impeach Sally because her conviction is more than a year old.","inadmissible to impeach Sally because she is only a witness and not the criminal defendant.","admissible to impeach Sally because she was adjudicated guilty.","inadmissible to impeach Sally because she never admitted her guilt since she entered a plea of nolo contendere.","admissible to impeach Sally because vehicular homicide carries a maximum penalty in excess of 1 year.","admissible to impeach Sally because she was involved in an illegal activity.","inadmissible to impeach Sally because vehicular homicide is not a crime of moral turpitude.","inadmissible to impeach Sally because she received a suspended sentence.","admissible to impeach Sally because she could have received a sentence of state imprisonment up to 5 years."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1280,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution prohibits laws that abridge the freedom of speech or the free exercise of religion. The statute in question requires broadcasters to provide equal time for segments on various religions, but this requirement can be seen as a form of compelled speech, which is generally disfavored under the First Amendment. The strongest argument AAA can make is that the statute interferes with their right to express their beliefs (or lack thereof) and forces broadcasters to air content they may not wish to air, thus violating the First Amendment.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"The Traditional Religion Advocacy Party (TRAP) has successfully lobbied the State of Texarkana for a statute named \"Equal Rights for All Religions.\" The law requires broadcasters that air segments discussing Christianity to allow equal time for segments on Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism. The American Atheism Association (AAA) has put together a broadcast segment about atheism, rejecting all religions, but four of the five Texarkana stations have declined to air the segment because they believe it would violate the statute. AAA has filed suit against the state, challenging the constitutionality of the statute. What is the strongest argument AAA can make in support of striking down the Equal Rights for All Religions statute?","score":1,"choices":["The statute discriminates against atheism, therefore violating the Equal Protection Clause.","The fact that the statute involves only broadcast media and not print media is an Equal Protection violation.","The statute is unconstitutional because it interferes with the AAA's right to reject all religions.","The statute is not narrowly tailored to promote a compelling governmental interest.","The First Amendment prohibits government interference with the free exercise of religion.","The statute violates the Due Process Clause by restricting AAA's right to express their beliefs."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1281,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In the context of felony murder, a defendant can be found guilty of felony murder even if not found guilty of the underlying felony (in this case, arson). This is because the jury could have found that the defendant committed some other felony that resulted in the death. Therefore, the motion to set aside the guilty verdict on the felony murder charge will likely be denied because the verdicts do not amount to a reversible error and are not legally inconsistent.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"One evening, a defendant set fire to an occupied house. As a result of the blaze, the homeowner's daughter was killed. The defendant was charged with felony murder on the first count and arson on the second count of the two-count indictment. The jury found the defendant guilty on the first count, but returned a not guilty verdict on the second count. The defendant's attorney's motion to set aside the guilty verdict on the felony murder charge will be","score":0,"choices":["denied, because the jury's decision in a criminal trial is final.","denied, because the verdicts do not amount to a reversible error.","denied, because the defendant can be found guilty of felony murder without being found guilty of arson.","granted, because the verdicts are contradictory and thus nullify each other.","denied, because the felony murder charge stands independent of the arson charge.","granted, because the guilty verdict is plain error that adversely affects the defendant's constitutional rights.","granted, because the verdicts are legally inconsistent and should lead to an acquittal of both charges.","granted, because the defendant was not proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.","granted, as the defendant's attorney presented new evidence that could potentially change the verdict.","denied, because the defendant's proper remedy is to seek an appellate review for a non-constitutional error."],"correct":"G","answer":"B"}
{"number":1282,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Covenants that run with the land are enforceable against subsequent purchasers if they have notice of the covenant and it touches and concerns the land. The best argument for the landscaper would be that the annual assessment was not included in the deed of sale, thus he may not have had notice of it.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A housing corporation owned a tract of land and prepared a development plan to divide the land into 100 lots and create a residential community on the tract of land. The Declaration of Covenants created the community association, an administrative entity that would administer and enforce the regulations and restrictions recited among the covenants. One of the regulations set forth in the Declaration of Covenants reads:\"Each purchaser, by the acceptance of a deed therefore, promises to pay the community association an annual assessment or charge to be determined on the basis of the valuation of each individual lot and the improvements thereon. Nonpayment of any annual assessment or charge when due shall result in a lien upon the parcel of the property. \"A gardener, the owner of lot 29 in the development, sold his land to a landscaper with a deed containing no restrictions. The community association, pursuant the Declaration of Covenants, sues the landscaper to collect the annual assessment for lot 29. Which of the following is the best argument for the landscaper?","score":0,"choices":["The community association has no authority to enforce the Declaration of Covenants.","The Declaration of Covenants does not specifically mention the landscaper as a liable party.","There is no privity of estate between the gardener and the landscaper.","The landscaper is not a direct party to the contract and therefore should not be liable for the payment.","The annual assessment is not enforceable as it was not included in the deed of sale.","Because the charge constitutes a lien, there is no personal obligation on the landscaper's part.","There is not privity of contract between the housing corporation and the community association.","The landscaper was not aware of the annual assessment at the time of purchase.","There is no privity of contract between the gardener and the landscaper."],"correct":"F","answer":"E"}
{"number":1283,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In general, under U.S. law, there is no legal duty to rescue or assist someone in distress unless a special relationship exists (e.g., parent-child, employer-employee) or the person created the peril. In this case, the young man did not cause his friend's injuries and there was no special relationship that would create a legal duty to act. Therefore, the prosecutor is unlikely to file charges based on the lack of a legal duty.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A young man called his casual friend to get together after work to go to a nearby ski lift. They each went up on the lift individually, because neither liked to share. Close to the top of the mountain, the friend fell off of his ski lift, and sustained injuries. The young man then decided he had had enough of skiing, but his friend called out, \"...you have to help! You have to call someone! I cant walk and it is your fault I am up here!\" The man did not respond and went home. His friend froze to death with no help ever coming to him. The people on the lift behind them both heard and saw everything, and the prosecutors office investigated the incident as a possible negligent homicide. What is the most likely decision of the prosecutor?","score":1,"choices":["The prosecutor will not file charges because the friend chose to go skiing and took on the inherent risks.","The prosecutor will file charges because there are eyewitnesses who will testify to the young man's callous behavior to his friend.","The prosecutor will not file charges because the friend was responsible for his own safety while skiing.","The prosecutor will not file charges because the man did not cause the friend's injuries.","The prosecutor will file charges because the man intentionally ignored his friend's plea for help.","The prosecutor will file charges because the man had a moral duty to help his friend.","The prosecutor will file charges because the man was the last person to see his friend alive.","The prosecutor will not file charges because the man broke no laws when he walked away and it does not matter what the relationship was between them.","The prosecutor will not file charges because the two men were not related to each other in a way that might create a duty, nor was there a special relationship that would create a duty.","The prosecutor will file charges because their friendship was a special relationship that created a legal duty for the man to act."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1284,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In a strict liability case, the plaintiff does not need to prove negligence but must show that the product was defective and caused harm. The label on the can is crucial evidence linking the product to the company, and it is generally considered self-authenticating under rules of evidence. Therefore, the trial court should overrule the objection because the label is significant in establishing the company's responsibility.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A shopper purchased a can of sardines, which had been produced by a fish company. A short while later at home, the shopper was preparing a sardine sandwich when she opened the can and, to her astonishment, she saw a decomposed mouse. The shopper became nauseated and vomited upon seeing the mouse. After consulting her attorney, the shopper initiated a strict liability action against the company. At trial, the shopper presented into evidence the sardine can with the company's label, along with other corroborating evidence. The attorney representing the company objected to the introduction of the label on the can. The trial court should","score":1,"choices":["overrule the objection, because the label is direct evidence of the company's responsibility.","overrule the objection, because the label is the best evidence showing that the can was produced by the company.","sustain the objection, because the company could not have foreseen the mouse in the can.","sustain the objection, because the label does not prove the company's negligence.","overrule the objection, as the label is the primary link between the product and the company.","overrule the objection, because the label is self-authenticating.","overrule the objection, because the label is a significant piece of evidence in strict liability cases.","sustain the objection, because the shopper's proper cause of action is for infliction of emotional distress, not strict liability.","sustain the objection, because the label is not a valid form of evidence.","sustain the objection, because there is no corroborating evidence that the company placed the label on the can."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1285,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Battery is an intentional tort that requires the defendant to have intended to cause harmful or offensive contact. In this case, the hunter did not intend to shoot the hiker; he intended to shoot a deer. Therefore, the lack of intent to harm the hiker means that a battery claim would likely fail. Negligence might be a more appropriate claim, but that is not what is being asked here.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"During a deer-hunting season open to rifle hunters, a hunter saw a deer in the forest. He shot his rifle at the deer, hoping to hit and kill it. Instead, he hit and injured a hiker. The hunter had not realized that the hiker was there. Does the injured hiker have an actionable battery claim against the hunter?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the hunter was negligent in not ensuring the area was clear before shooting.","No, because the hunter did not intend to shoot the hiker.","No, because the hiker should have made his presence known to the hunter.","Yes, because the hunter intentionally shot the rifle.","No, because the hunter did not make direct physical contact with the hiker.","No, because the hunter was aiming at a deer, not a human.","Yes, because the hunter had a duty to ensure safety while hunting.","Yes, because the hiker suffered injuries due to the hunter's action.","No, because the hiker was in the forest during hunting season."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1286,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Karl Llewellyn, a prominent legal realist, distinguished between the \"grand style\" and \"formal style\" of judicial reasoning. The grand style emphasizes broader principles and the purpose behind laws, while the formal style focuses on strict adherence to legal rules and precedents. Criticizing this distinction could involve arguing that it oversimplifies judicial behavior by categorizing judges into rigid types, which does not reflect the complexity and variability of judicial reasoning.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Which of the following criticisms of Llewellyn's distinction between the grand and formal styles of legal reasoning is the most compelling?","score":1,"choices":["There is no distinction between the two forms of legal reasoning.","Judges are appointed to interpret the law, not to make it.","It is misleading to pigeon-hole judges in this way.","Judicial reasoning is always formal."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1287,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Karl Llewellyn's distinction between the grand and formal styles of legal reasoning is a nuanced approach to understanding judicial behavior. However, one of the most compelling criticisms is that this distinction is too simplistic to capture the full complexity of legal reasoning. Legal reasoning often involves a blend of different styles and approaches, and reducing it to just two categories may overlook the multifaceted nature of judicial decision-making.\nAnswer: A","question":"Which of the following criticisms of Llewellyn's distinction between the grand and formal styles of legal reasoning is the most compelling?","score":0,"choices":["The distinction is too simplistic to capture the complexity of legal reasoning.","It overemphasizes the role of judges while ignoring the role of juries.","Judges are appointed to interpret the law, not to make it.","It is misleading to pigeon-hole judges in this way.","Legal reasoning is always grand.","It does not consider the role of precedent in legal reasoning.","Llewellyn's distinction lacks empirical evidence.","The distinction does not take into account the influence of personal biases.","There is no distinction between the two forms of legal reasoning.","Judicial reasoning is always formal."],"correct":"D","answer":"A"}
{"number":1288,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Ronald Dworkin, in \"Justice for Hedgehogs,\" argues that moral values are both independent and objective, meaning they exist independently of individual opinions and can be objectively known. This is a central theme in his work, where he emphasizes the integration of law and morality.\nAnswer: G","question":"Which statement best describes one of Dworkin's central arguments in Justice for Hedgehogs?","score":1,"choices":["The law is the only guide for ethical behaviour.","The law dictates what moral values should affect our ethical behaviour.","Morality plays no role in the concept of law.","Moral arguments operate only in hard cases.","Morality only applies to specific, complex cases.","Legal principles should not be influenced by moral values.","Moral values are both independent and objective.","Law and morality are entirely separate entities with no overlap.","Morality is subjective and changes over time.","Ethical behaviour is independent of moral values."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1289,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Hans Kelsen's \"Pure Theory of Law\" is called \"pure\" because it aims to describe law as a system of norms that is separate from other social sciences such as religion, ethics, sociology, and history. Kelsen wanted to create a theory of law that was free from external influences and focused solely on the legal system itself.\nAnswer: C","question":"Kelsenâ€™s theory of law is called pure theory because Kelsen :","score":0,"choices":["Purely discussed jurisprudence only","Defined law in according with morality and purity","Separated law from religion, ethics, sociology and history","Discussed law purely in terms of justice"],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1290,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a strict product liability case, the plaintiff does not need to prove that the defendant knew or should have known of the defect, had prior notice of similar problems, or actually placed the defect in the product. Instead, the plaintiff must prove that the product was sold in a defective condition and that the seller is engaged in the business of selling such a product. Therefore, Bill must prove that Ajax is a merchant selling Sipep.\nAnswer: A","question":"Bill purchased a can of Sipep from the Ajax Minimart. After he finished drinking the Sipep, Bill noticed that the can contained dead insects stuck on the inside bottom of the can. In a strict product liability tort action against Ajax, Bill must prove, among other things, that:","score":1,"choices":["Ajax is a merchant selling Sipep.","Ajax knew or should have known of the defective condition","Ajax had prior notice of other similar problems with Sipep products.","Ajax actually placed the dead insects into the can."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1291,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on product liability for help. In a strict product liability case, the plaintiff must prove that the product was defective, the defect existed when it left the defendant's control, and the defect caused injury. The key element here is that the defect caused harm. Therefore, Bill must prove that the insects in the can caused him physical harm.\nAnswer: D","question":"Bill purchased a can of Sipep from the Ajax Minimart. After he finished drinking the Sipep, Bill noticed that the can contained dead insects stuck on the inside bottom of the can. In a strict product liability tort action against Ajax, Bill must prove, among other things, that:","score":0,"choices":["Ajax failed to warn Bill about the potential for insects in the Sipep can.","Ajax had prior notice of other similar problems with Sipep products.","Ajax actually placed the dead insects into the can.","The insects in the can caused Bill physical harm.","Ajax is a merchant selling Sipep.","Ajax knew or should have known of the defective condition","The Sipep can was sealed when Bill purchased it.","Bill consumed the entire can of Sipep before noticing the defects.","Ajax had a duty to inspect each can of Sipep before selling it.","Ajax is the manufacturer of the Sipep."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1292,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Leopold Pospisil, an anthropologist, identified four elements that are manifested by law: authority, universality, 'obligatio', and sanction. Sanctions are the penalties or other means of enforcement used to provide incentives for obedience with the law.\nAnswer: H","question":"Leopold Pospisil identifies four elements manifested by law: authority, universality, 'obligatio' - and fourthly?","score":1,"choices":["Integrity.","Hierarchy.","Dispute.","Justice.","Harmony.","Regulation.","Punishment.","Sanction.","Order.","Equality."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1293,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) for help. Qualified rights are those that can be lawfully interfered with under certain conditions, such as public safety or national security. Articles 9, 10, 11, and 12 of the ECHR are considered qualified rights. Absolute rights cannot be interfered with under any circumstances. Article 3 (prohibition of torture) is an absolute right and cannot be qualified.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Which of the following articles are not qualified rights?","score":1,"choices":["Article 19","Article 11","Article 12","Article 9","Article 3","Article 17"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1294,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on philosophy for help. Jeremy Bentham, a utilitarian philosopher, is known for his criticism of the concept of natural rights. He famously referred to the idea of natural rights as \"nonsense on stilts.\"\nAnswer: H","question":"Which philosopher called the idea of natural rights 'nonsense on stilts'?","score":1,"choices":["Socrates","John Locke","Immanuel Kant","Emmanuel Kant","RenÃ© Descartes","Thomas Hobbes","Alan Gerwith","Jeremy Bentham","John Stuart Mill","Friedrich Nietzsche"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1295,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The effects doctrine in international law is a principle that allows a state to claim jurisdiction over actions that occur outside its territory but have substantial effects within its territory. This doctrine is often applied in cases involving cross-border crimes or activities that have significant impacts on the state's interests, even if the conduct itself occurred elsewhere.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"What is the effects doctrine?","score":1,"choices":["It posits that jurisdiction exists only when it is ineffective","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction on the State sharing the nationality of the victim","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction on the State sharing the nationality of the offender","The effects doctrine posits that jurisdiction is solely determined by the severity of the harmful conduct","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction to the State on whose territory the conduct produces effects","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction to the State on whose territory the conduct originated","It posits that jurisdiction exists only when it is effective","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction to the State that is most affected by the harmful conduct","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction on the State which has an effective link with the harmful conduct","The effects doctrine serves to confer jurisdiction on the State where the offender resides"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1296,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Nuremberg and Tokyo trials for help. The war crimes trials at Nuremberg and Tokyo took place after the Second World War, not the First World War. They were held after the creation of the United Nations in 1945, and they did not take place in the United States but in Germany and Japan respectively. The trials did introduce crimes against humanity as an offense and found that \"superior orders\" could not be used as a defense. The crime of genocide was included in the Nuremberg trials under crimes against humanity.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Which one of the statements below is false?","score":1,"choices":["The war crimes trials at Nuremberg and Tokyo took place immediately after the First World War","The war crimes trials found that \"superior orders\" could not be used as a defence for war crimes or crimes against humanity","The war crimes trials introduced a 'crime against humanity' as an offence","The war crimes trials were held after the Second World War, but before the creation of the United Nations","The war crimes trials were conducted by the United Nations","The war crimes trials at Nuremberg and Tokyo took place in the United States","The war crimes trials did not include the crime of genocide","The war crimes trials held individuals legally responsible for acts such as war crimes and crimes against humanity"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1297,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The father's promise to pay the balance due if his son defaults is a suretyship agreement, which generally must be in writing under the Statute of Frauds to be enforceable. However, there is an exception known as the \"main purpose rule\" or \"leading object rule,\" which states that if the main purpose of the promisor (the father) is to serve some interest of his own, then the promise does not need to be in writing. In this case, the father's main purpose could be seen as ensuring his son gets the car, which indirectly benefits him by helping his son with transportation. Therefore, the court would likely not relieve the father of liability based on this exception.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Upon graduation from high school, a student enrolled in a college close to where he lived. However, since the student did not have a car, he rode the bus to and from the college each day. The student soon discovered that he was spending up to two hours each day to make the round trip to and from college on the bus, whereas the trip could be made in half that time if he had a car. He decided to buy a car and asked his father to accompany him as he looked for a car to purchase. After visiting a number of car lots, the son finally found a used car to his liking. However, the son only had $2,500 in his bank account, and the price of the car was $10,000. Since the son had not built up a credit history, the car lot was reluctant to sell the car to the son. The father then told the finance manager of the car lot, \"If you will sell the car to my son and for any reason he defaults on the payments, I will pay the balance due. \" The finance manager then approved the deal, which required the son to pay $2,500 down and monthly payments of $500 for 15 months. Six months later, the son defaulted on the payment plan, and the car lot sought recovery from the father without first suing the son. With regard to the father's obligation under his promise to the finance manager, the court would most likely","score":0,"choices":["relieve the father of liability, because the car lot failed to first sue the son.","relieve the father of liability, because the father was never under a duty as a surety.","not relieve the father of liability, because of the main purpose exception.","not relieve the father of liability, because parents are responsible for the debts of their children."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1298,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on comparative negligence for help. In a modified comparative negligence jurisdiction, a plaintiff can recover damages as long as their own negligence is less than the combined negligence of the defendants. Here, the friend (plaintiff) was not found negligent at all. The fan was found 55% negligent, and the driver was found 45% negligent. Since the friend's negligence is not in question, we focus on the driver's negligence.\n\nThe driver was found 45% negligent, and since this jurisdiction allows recovery if the plaintiff's negligence is not equal to or greater than that of the defendant's, the friend can recover from the driver. The friend's damages are $100,000, and since the driver was 45% at fault, the friend can recover 45% of $100,000.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A baseball fan purchased two tickets for a World Series baseball game. The fan contacted his best friend and invited him to go to the game. The friend, who was a fanatic baseball fan, eagerly agreed. The fan told the friend that the game started at 7:00 p. m. and that he would pick him up at about 5:00 p. m. so they could get there early to watch batting practice. They were driving to the game together when the fan sped up to cross an intersection while the traffic signal was changing from amber to red. As he reached the intersection, the fan was traveling at 50 m. p. h. although the posted speed limit was 25 m. p. h. Simultaneously, a car entered the intersection on red and collided with the fan's vehicle. The friend suffered a broken pelvis in the collision. This jurisdiction has adopted the following \"modified\" comparative negligence statute:\"A negligent plaintiff is entitled to obtain a recovery provided plaintiff's negligence is not equal to or greater than that of the defendant's; otherwise no recovery is permitted. \"Suppose the friend brings suit against the driver of the car that entered the intersection on the red light to recover damages for his injury. Ajury returned a special verdict with the following findings: (1) The fan was 55 percent negligent in speeding; (2) The driver was 45 percent negligent in driving through the red light; and (3) The friend suffered $100,000 in damages. As a result, the court should enter a judgment for the friend in the amount of","score":0,"choices":["$45,000. 00","$50,000.00","nothing, because the fan was more negligentthan the driver.","A split judgment where the fan pays $55,000.00 and the driver pays $45,000.00","$100,000.00 but paid by both the fan and the driver","$45,000.00 but only from the driver's insurance","$55,000. 00","$55,000.00 but only from the fan's insurance","$55,000.00 from the driver as the fan was more negligent","$100,000. 00"],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":1299,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a \"lien theory\" state, a mortgage does not transfer title to the lender but rather creates a lien on the property. The majority view in lien theory states is that a mortgage by one joint tenant does not sever the joint tenancy. When one joint tenant dies, their interest in the property automatically passes to the surviving joint tenant by operation of law, free of any liens or encumbrances created by the deceased joint tenant.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Assume this question takes place in a \"lien theory\" state. A woman and her co-habiting partner share a property as joint tenants with the right of survivorship. He has run up debts that he did not tell her about, and so he uses his interest in the property to secretly get a mortgage from the bank. When he dies, the bank attempts to execute on the mortgage. Can it do so? Apply the majority view on this issue.","score":1,"choices":["No, the mortgage lien could not destroy the joint tenancy, and when the partner dies, the property passes by operation of law to the surviving joint tenant.","No, although the mortgage destroyed the joint tenancy, the bank has to get a deed of trust in order to execute on jointly owned property.","Yes, the bank got title to the property by virtue of the mortgage, which destroyed the joint tenancy, and it can execute on its lien.","Yes, the mortgage was the equivalent of a deed of trust and the joint tenancy was severed by the mortgage lien, giving the bank unfettered legal authority to execute on its mortgage."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1300,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a \"lien theory\" state, a mortgage is considered a lien on the property rather than a transfer of title. The majority view in such states is that the mortgage does not sever the joint tenancy. When one joint tenant dies, the surviving joint tenant automatically inherits the entire property by right of survivorship, free of any liens placed by the deceased tenant.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Assume this question takes place in a \"lien theory\" state. A woman and her co-habiting partner share a property as joint tenants with the right of survivorship. He has run up debts that he did not tell her about, and so he uses his interest in the property to secretly get a mortgage from the bank. When he dies, the bank attempts to execute on the mortgage. Can it do so? Apply the majority view on this issue.","score":1,"choices":["No, although the mortgage destroyed the joint tenancy, the bank has to get a deed of trust in order to execute on jointly owned property.","No, the bank cannot execute on the mortgage because the property was jointly owned and one partner cannot unilaterally mortgage the property without the other's consent.","No, the bank cannot execute on the mortgage because the woman has the right of survivorship, which overrides the partner's debts.","Yes, the bank can execute on the mortgage because the partner's debt is considered a lien on the property, which overrides the joint tenancy.","Yes, the bank can execute on the mortgage because the partner used his interest in the property as collateral for the loan.","Yes, the bank can execute on the mortgage because the joint tenancy is considered severed when one partner incurs a debt without the knowledge of the other.","Yes, the bank got title to the property by virtue of the mortgage, which destroyed the joint tenancy, and it can execute on its lien.","Yes, the mortgage was the equivalent of a deed of trust and the joint tenancy was severed by the mortgage lien, giving the bank unfettered legal authority to execute on its mortgage.","No, the mortgage lien could not destroy the joint tenancy, and when the partner dies, the property passes by operation of law to the surviving joint tenant.","No, the bank cannot execute on the mortgage because the majority view in a \"lien theory\" state is that a mortgage does not sever a joint tenancy."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1301,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Specific performance is an equitable remedy that compels a party to execute a contract according to the precise terms agreed upon or to perform it to the extent that it is practicable. Specific performance is typically granted when monetary damages are inadequate, such as in cases involving unique properties like land.\n\nA. The Statute of Frauds requires certain contracts to be in writing, but this does not directly address whether specific performance is appropriate.\nB. Land is considered unique, and thus legal remedies (monetary damages) are often deemed inadequate, making specific performance a suitable remedy.\nC. While damages are a common remedy for breach of contract, they are not the only remedy available.\nD. Detrimental reliance is relevant in promissory estoppel cases, but here we have a written agreement and the developer has fulfilled the condition precedent by contracting with a construction company.\n\nGiven these considerations, the developer's strongest argument for securing specific performance is based on the uniqueness of land and the inadequacy of monetary damages.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A developer wished to build an apartment house in a local city. He raised $1 million from various sources to fund the project. After searching for a vacant lot that would be sufficient for development, the developer concluded that there was not a suitable vacant lot available. Reluctantly, the developer concluded that he would have to purchase a developed lot, have the existing structures removed, and then build the apartment house. The developer was reluctant to do this, because he had not budgeted for the additional cost of buying a developed property and removing the development. After a search for an appropriate parcel, the developer purchased a large lot, developed with a single-story residential home, for $200,000. He then spent $50,000 having the residential home removed from the lot. Knowing that it would cost approximately $850,000 to build the apartment house, the developer realized he would need to raise another $100,000. He approached an investor about lending him $100,000. The investor was apprehensive about the project because the developer had not yet lined up a construction firm to build the apartment house. As a result, the parties signed the following written agreement:\"The investor promises to lend to the developer $100,000 at 5 percent interest within 30 days, provided the developer contracts with a construction company to build the apartment house for no more than $850,000. Loan to be repaid at the rate of $1,000 per month, starting one month after the completion of the apartment house. The loan is to be secured by a mortgage on the property. \"The developer then contracted with a construction company to build the apartment for $800,000. After the contract was signed and construction had begun, the developer asked the investor when he would be receiving the $100,000 the investor promised to lend him. The investor replied, \"I've changed my mind. I think this is too risky an investment. I'm not going to lend you the money. \"In an appropriate action to secure specific performance of the investor's promise to lend him the $100,000, the developer will","score":0,"choices":["win, because there is a memorandum that satisfies the Statute of Frauds.","win, because land is unique, making the legal remedy inadequate.","lose, because the developer's only remedy is for damages.","lose, because the developer cannot show detrimental reliance."],"correct":"C","answer":"B"}
{"number":1302,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The owner's statement to the bookkeeper about the contents of the envelope is not being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (i.e., that the envelope contained a notice form), but rather to show that the owner took steps to notify the insurance company. This makes it non-hearsay as it is a verbal act, which is an exception to hearsay rules.\nAnswer: I","question":"On Thursday, March 7, an owner's home was destroyed by fire. The owner's house was insured against such fire loss by an insurance company. According to the policy contract, the insured was required to notify the insurance company within 10 days following any loss due to fire or other catastrophe. The owner sued the insurance company to recover $750,000, which was the face amount that his home was insured for. The insurance company admitted that the owner's house was insured for that amount, though the company denied liability because it claimed that it had not received notice of the fire within the 10-day period as required by the policy. At trial, the owner calls his bookkeeper to testify. The bookkeeper proposes to testify that on March 11, the owner handed her an envelope and told her it contained a notice form for the insurance company, and that she mailed the envelope on his behalf. If the bookkeeper intends to establish that the envelope that the owner handed her contained the notice of fire loss, her proposed testimony is","score":0,"choices":["admissible, because the owner's statement to her is non-hearsay.","inadmissible, as the bookkeeper's testimony is considered second-hand information.","admissible, because a letter properly mailed is presumed received in due course.","inadmissible, because it is the responsibility of the owner, not the bookkeeper, to ensure the insurance company received the notice.","inadmissible, because the owner's statement to the bookkeeper is not the best evidence.","admissible, as the bookkeeper's testimony provides proof of the owner's attempt to notify the insurance company.","inadmissible, because the owner's statement to the bookkeeper is hearsay not within any exception.","inadmissible, because the bookkeeper cannot confirm the contents of the envelope.","admissible, because the owner's statement is considered a verbal act.","admissible, because the bookkeeper is a credible witness."],"correct":"G","answer":"I"}
{"number":1303,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the nature of the easement granted to the neighbor and whether it can be transferred to the professor.\n\n1. **Easement in Gross vs. Appurtenant Easement**: An easement in gross benefits a specific individual and does not transfer with the land, whereas an appurtenant easement benefits the land itself and transfers with it.\n\n2. **Language of the Deed**: The deed granted to the neighbor specified that it was for ingress and egress of motor vehicles and did not limit it to just the neighbor but included \"his heirs and assigns.\" This suggests an appurtenant easement, which would transfer with Lot 2.\n\n3. **Non-Use**: Non-use alone does not necessarily result in abandonment of an easement unless there is clear intent to abandon, which is not evident here.\n\n4. **Recording**: While recording provides notice to subsequent purchasers, failure to record does not invalidate the easement between the original parties.\n\n5. **Implied Easement**: The professor could argue for an implied easement based on prior use and necessity, but this is secondary to the express grant in the deed.\n\nGiven these points, the professor should win because the easement was appurtenant and transferred with Lot 2 when he purchased it from the neighbor.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"| Driveway--------------------------------------------------------------House | House |-------------------------------------------------------------- | Garage | House--------------------------------------------------------------LOT3 | LOT2 | LOT1 --------------------------------------------------------------(TEACHER) | (NEIGHBOR) | (CO-WORKER | | & BOSS)-------------------------------------------------------------On March 1, 1999, a landowner, the sole owner and occupant of lot 1, died and devised lot ito both his co-worker and his boss \"as their community property. \" The co-worker and boss were siblings, and neither was married. Lot 1 consisted of a single- family house with a yard, garage, and driveway. On May 1, 1999, the boss moved into the house on lot 1. One year later, the co-worker and the boss executed and delivered the following deed instrument to a neighbor \". . . hereby grant to (the neighbor) the northerly 30 feet of lot 1, consisting of the paved driveway now existing, to be used for the ingress and egress of motor vehicles, but should (the neighbor) or his heirs and assigns use said property for any other purpose, all the rights, privileges, and immunities herein granted shall cease and determine. \" In consideration for the said deed, the neighbor paid the co-worker and the boss $2,000 (which they divided equally). The deed was never recorded by the neighbor. Because the boss didn't own a car, she never used the driveway. Similarly, the neighbor never used the driveway because he unexpectedly had his driver's license suspended shortly after executing the above instrument. The boss died intestate on May 1, 2001, leaving her daughter as her sole heir. Following her mother's death, the daughter moved into the house on May 2, 2001. On June 1, 2001 the neighbor sold lot 2 to a professor by a deed that contained no mention of the driveway located on lot 1. The neighbor and the professor assumed that the latter had the right to use the driveway, so they didn't insert any recitations in their deed instrument regarding the driveway. Immediately upon her taking possession of the premises, the daughter began to use the driveway on lot 1. Consequently, she objected to the professor's use of the driveway. After the daughter refused to permit the professor to use the driveway, he brought suit to determine his right to continue use of the driveway. The professor should","score":1,"choices":["win, because the neighbor's easement to use the driveway was conveyed to the professor.","lose, because the original deed granting use of the driveway specified it could only be used by the neighbor, not his successors or assigns.","lose, because the deed instrument between the co-worker, boss, and the neighbor was never recorded.","win, because the professor was under the assumption that he had rights to use the driveway.","win, because the deed to lot 2 implicitly included the use of the driveway on lot 1.","lose, because the neighbor's non-use of the driveway effectuated an abandonment of the easement.","win, because he acquired an implied easement to use the driveway as owner of the dominant tenement.","lose, because the Statute of Frauds was not satisfied.","win, because the driveway was considered a shared asset among the adjacent lots.","lose, because the daughter of the boss has exclusive rights to the property, including the driveway, upon her mother's death."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1304,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The statute makes it a felony to detonate or attempt to detonate a bomb in or near a building. Both co-defendants participated in the planning and execution of the crime, which included placing the bomb and making the demand for money. Their intent to defuse the bomb does not negate their initial criminal actions, as they took substantial steps towards committing the felony. The premature explosion due to a faulty wire does not absolve them of guilt, as they are responsible for the foreseeable consequences of their actions.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Co-defendants were dealers at a casino. They had been employed by the casino for four years. One day, they were unexpectedly fired by the casino's new manager. Apparently, the casino hired the new manager to get rid of some of the old-time employees and replace them with new personnel at a lower wage. Angered by their firing, the codefendants vowed to get back at the casino. As their revenge, they decided to plant a bomb in the casino and demand $1,000,000. After receiving the money, they would then reveal the location of the bomb and provide details for defusing it. The co-defendants agreed that the casino should be given adequate warning so that nobody would be injured. In accordance with their plan, one of the co-defendants, who was an electronics expert, built the bomb himself. He alone then drove to the casino where he placed the bomb in a hallway closet. Shortly thereafter, the other co-defendant phoned the casino and made a demand for the money. He said a bomb was in the casino and that it would explode in 24 hours unless the money was paid. The casino treated their demand as a crank call and refused to make any payment. With their plans having gone awry, the codefendants agreed that one of them should return to the casino and defuse the bomb. As one of the co-defendants was driving back to the casino, the bomb exploded, killing 30 people. A subsequent investigation revealed that a faulty wire caused the bomb to detonate prematurely. A state statute provides that detonating or attempting to detonate a bomb or explosive device in or near a building or dwelling is a felony. If the co-defendants are charged with violating the aforementioned statute, which of the following statements is correct?","score":1,"choices":["Both are guilty, because each participated in the planning of the crime.","Only the co-defendant who built the bomb is guilty, because he physically placed the bomb in the casino.","Neither is guilty, because they did not intend for anyone to be killed, but the bomb exploded prematurely.","The co-defendant who built the bomb is guilty, because he built and transported the bomb, but the other co-defendant is not guilty, because his phone call was not a substantial step in the furtherance of the crime.","Both are guilty, but only the one who made the phone call is guilty of a felony.","Both are not guilty, because they intended to defuse the bomb before it exploded.","Both are guilty, but only the one who built the bomb is guilty of a felony.","Neither is guilty, because the faulty wire, an unforeseeable circumstance, caused the bomb to explode.","Neither is guilty, because the casino's gross negligence in failing to heed the telephone warning constituted an independent intervening cause of the explosion.","The co-defendant who made the phone call is guilty, because he made the demand for the money."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1305,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Speech or Debate Clause of Article I, Section 6 of the U.S. Constitution provides immunity to members of Congress for their legislative acts, including speeches made on the floor of Congress. This clause is intended to protect the independence and integrity of the legislative process by ensuring that legislators are not hindered by fear of legal repercussions for their statements made in the course of their official duties.\nAnswer: G","question":"A U.S. senator made a speech on the floor of the Senate accusing a low-level purchasing officer employed by a federal agency of wasting millions of dollars of taxpayer money by purchasing many more office supplies than the agency needed. The accusation was demonstrably false, and the senator was negligent in making it. The purchasing officer has sued the senator for defamation, alleging only that the accusation was false and that the senator was negligent. What is the most appropriate ground for the court to dismiss the purchasing officer's complaint?","score":1,"choices":["The senator's speech is considered privileged communication and thus is protected from defamation claims.","The senator's speech is considered a matter of opinion and not a statement of fact, thus it cannot be defamatory.","The senator's comments are protected by the fair comment privilege, which allows criticism of public officials.","The purchasing officer, as a public official, must prove that the senator acted with malice, which is not alleged in the complaint.","The First Amendment protects public officials from defamation liability for statements made in their official capacity, unless the plaintiff alleges and proves that the statement was false and uttered with actual malice.","The federal government is constitutionally immune from suit without its consent, and it has not consented to suits of this kind.","The speech and debate clause of Article I, Section 6 of the Constitution wholly insulates members of Congress from tort liability for statements made on the floor of Congress.","The federal agency is not considered a \"person\" under defamation law and therefore cannot sue for defamation.","The senator, as a public figure, has a right to free speech, and his statements cannot be considered defamatory.","The First Amendment guarantees members of Congress an unqualified right to speak on matters of public concern at any place and time without having to fear adverse legal consequences."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1306,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. In this scenario, the defendant was coerced into handing over his bag under the threat of not being allowed to board the plane, which could be seen as an unlawful detention. The police did not have probable cause or a warrant to hold the bag overnight and conduct a search with a narcotics detection dog. Therefore, the evidence obtained from this search would likely be considered inadmissible.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant was booked on a commercial airline flight. When the defendant arrived at the airport, two undercover police narcotics agents observed him. His appearance and actions led the police to believe that he fit the description of a predetermined profile of a drug courier. The officers approached the defendant and told him they wanted to detain him for questioning. The defendant asked what for, and the police explained that they were narcotics agents assigned to the airport and that he fit the profile of a drug courier. They then asked the defendant to hand over his overnight bag. The defendant refused. The officers then explained that he wouldn't be permitted to board the plane unless they inspected the contents of his bag. The defendant told the officers that he changed his mind and decided not to fly today after all. The officers still requested that the defendant turn his overnight bag over to them. The defendant did so, and then he was given permission to leave the airport. The next day, the police had a dog sniff the defendant's bag for narcotics. The results of this search gave police suspicion to believe that the bag contained narcotics. They opened the defendant's bag and found heroin inside. The defendant was subsequently arrested and charged with unlawful possession of narcotics. At trial, the defendant's attorney moves to prevent introduction of the heroin into evidence. This motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police did not have probable cause to hold the bag overnight for the search.","denied, because the police had reasonable suspicion to believe that the bag contained narcotics.","denied, because the search was conducted with the help of a narcotics detection dog.","denied, because the defendant fit the predetermined profile of a narcotics courier.","granted, because the police did not have the right to prevent the defendant from boarding the plane.","denied, because the defendant voluntarily handed over his bag to the police.","denied, because the search resulted from a lawful airport detention.","granted, because the heroin was discovered as a result of an unlawful airport detention."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1307,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Fourth Amendment and case law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, requiring any warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause. In this scenario, the police detained the defendant's bag without probable cause or a warrant, and the defendant's consent was arguably coerced. The subsequent search of the bag without a warrant also violates the Fourth Amendment.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant was booked on a commercial airline flight. When the defendant arrived at the airport, two undercover police narcotics agents observed him. His appearance and actions led the police to believe that he fit the description of a predetermined profile of a drug courier. The officers approached the defendant and told him they wanted to detain him for questioning. The defendant asked what for, and the police explained that they were narcotics agents assigned to the airport and that he fit the profile of a drug courier. They then asked the defendant to hand over his overnight bag. The defendant refused. The officers then explained that he wouldn't be permitted to board the plane unless they inspected the contents of his bag. The defendant told the officers that he changed his mind and decided not to fly today after all. The officers still requested that the defendant turn his overnight bag over to them. The defendant did so, and then he was given permission to leave the airport. The next day, the police had a dog sniff the defendant's bag for narcotics. The results of this search gave police suspicion to believe that the bag contained narcotics. They opened the defendant's bag and found heroin inside. The defendant was subsequently arrested and charged with unlawful possession of narcotics. At trial, the defendant's attorney moves to prevent introduction of the heroin into evidence. This motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police did not have probable cause to hold the bag overnight for the search.","granted, because the police did not have a warrant to search the bag.","denied, because the police had reasonable suspicion to believe that the bag contained narcotics.","denied, because the search was conducted with the help of a narcotics detection dog.","denied, because the defendant fit the predetermined profile of a narcotics courier.","granted, because the police coerced the defendant into handing over his bag.","granted, because the police did not have the right to prevent the defendant from boarding the plane.","denied, because the defendant voluntarily handed over his bag to the police.","denied, because the search resulted from a lawful airport detention.","granted, because the heroin was discovered as a result of an unlawful airport detention."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1308,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The felony murder rule states that if a death occurs during the commission of a felony, the felon can be charged with murder. However, under the prevailing modern view, many jurisdictions have limited the application of the felony murder rule, particularly when it comes to deaths caused by third parties (such as police officers). In this case, the woman co-conspirator was killed by a police officer, not directly by the man. Therefore, under the modern view, the appellate court is likely to reverse the first-degree murder conviction because the death was caused by a third party and not directly by the defendant.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man and a woman conspired together to rob a bank. As they were exiting the bank after the robbery they were confronted by armed tactical police officers. The man raised his gun at the officers and a flurry of shots followed. The man was injured but survived; the woman co-conspirator died from a police officer's bullet. The authorities charged the man with felony-murder of the woman. He was convicted and appealed. Under the prevailing modern view of felony murder, will the appellate court likely reverse the first-degree murder conviction?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the felony murder rule only applies when the defendant is the one who directly causes the death.","Yes, because the police officer who shot the woman should be the one charged with murder, not the man.","No, because felony murder applies regardless of who fires the fatal shot as long as a death occurred during the commission of the felony.","No, because the man's decision to raise his gun at the officers instigated the shooting, making him responsible for the woman's death.","No, because all states recognize that felony murder applies to any deaths that occur during the commission of the crime regardless of who fired the fatal shot.","Yes, because the felony murder rule has been declared unconstitutional.","Yes, because the woman was a co-conspirator, not a victim of the crime, and therefore her death does not qualify as a felony murder.","No, because the man started the flurry of shots instead of surrendering; he caused the woman's death and is guilty of first degree murder.","Yes, because the majority view is that felony murder does not apply if a co-conspirator is killed by a third person during the commission of the crime.","No, because the man was part of the crime and his actions led directly to the woman's death."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1309,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless an exception applies. However, the statement in question is not being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted (that there was a piece of fish), but rather to show that a warning was given, which is relevant to the issue of contributory negligence. Therefore, it is not hearsay and is admissible because it is relevant to whether the customer was contributorily negligent.\nAnswer: E","question":"A customer at a fish market was leaving the store after purchasing an assortment of shrimp, oysters, and scallops. He was walking along the sidewalk in front of the store when he slipped on a piece of eel. He brought suit against the owner of the market claiming that he suffered leg and back injuries. The owner, although admitting that the customer was injured by slipping on the eel, denied negligence and claimed that the customer was contributorily negligent. At trial, the owner calls a witness to testify that before the fall he heard someone call out to the customer, \"Watch it, buddy, you're going to step on that piece of fish. \"The witness's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, as it is a statement that was made in the heat of the moment.","inadmissible, because the customer did not acknowledge hearing the warning.","inadmissible, because it was not a spontaneous utterance.","inadmissible, as hearsay not within any exception.","admissible, because it is relevant as to the customer's contributory negligence.","admissible, because it provides context to the event.","inadmissible, because the witness was not directly involved in the incident.","admissible, because it indicates that the owner had no control over the situation.","admissible, as a statement of the declarant's present state of mind.","inadmissible, as it is considered second-hand information."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1310,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the situation step by step. \n\n1. **Consideration in Contracts**: For a contract to be enforceable, there must be consideration, which is something of value exchanged between the parties.\n2. **Ann's Forbearance**: Ann did forbear from suing Carla for six months, even though she did not expressly promise to do so in writing.\n3. **Pre-existing Duty Rule**: If a party already has a legal duty to perform an action, that action cannot be considered valid consideration for a new promise.\n\nGiven these points:\n\n- **Option A**: This option argues that Ann's forbearance was not explicitly promised and thus cannot be consideration. However, actual forbearance can sometimes be considered sufficient even if not explicitly promised.\n- **Option B**: This option argues that there was a gross imbalance in the values exchanged, but courts generally do not assess the adequacy of consideration as long as some consideration exists.\n- **Option C**: This option argues that since Carla already owed the debt, Bea's promise lacks new consideration. However, Bea's promise to pay Carla's debt could still be seen as valid consideration if it benefits Ann.\n- **Option D**: This option argues that Ann had a pre-existing duty to return Bea's golf clubs, so returning them cannot serve as new consideration for Bea's promise.\n\nThe most persuasive argument is based on the pre-existing duty rule. Since Ann already had a duty to return Bea's golf clubs, her doing so cannot constitute new consideration for Bea's promise to pay Carlaâ€™s debt.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Ann, Bea, and Carla were three friends who lived in the same neighborhood. While Ann was away on a business trip, someone broke into her garage and stole her golf clubs. The next week, Ann was planning to go on vacation and asked Bea if she could borrow her golf clubs. Bea agreed and loaned her golf clubs to Ann, who promised to return them after her vacation. When Ann returned home, she kept the golf clubs and continued to use them. A few weeks later, Bea was having dinner with Carla and learned that Carla owed Ann $4,000. Carla had just been laid off from her job and did not have the money to repay Ann. Bea told Carla that she would contact Ann and make arrangements to repay the loan on her behalf. Thereupon, Ann and Bea entered into a written agreement wherein Bea promised to pay Ann, at a rate of $400 a month, the matured $4,000 debt that Carla owed Ann. In the same written instrument, Ann promised to return Bea's golf clubs, which she still had in her possession. Ann, however, made no written or oral. commitment to forbear to sue Carla to collect the $4,000 debt; and Bea made no oral or written request for any such forbearance. After this agreement between Ann and Bea was signed and executed, Ann promptly returned the golf clubs to Bea. For the next six months, Bea made and Ann accepted the $400 monthly payments as agreed. During that period, Ann, in fact, did forbear to take any legal action against Carla. However, Bea then repudiated her agreement with Ann, and 30 days later Ann filed a contract action against Bea. Assume that the applicable statute of limitations on Ann's antecedent claim against Carla expired the day before Ann filed her contract action against Bea. Which of the following is the most persuasive argument that Bea is not liable to Ann under the terms of their written agreement?","score":1,"choices":["Since Ann did not expressly promise to forbear to sue Carla to collect the antecedent $4,000 debt, Ann's forbearance for six months could not constitute consideration for Bea's promise.","Since the written agreement between Bea and Ann shows a gross imbalance between the values of the promises exchanged, the consideration for Bea's promise was legally insufficient to support it.","Since Carla, when the agreement between Ann and Bea was made, had a pre-existing duty to repay the $4,000 debt to Ann, there was no consideration for Bea's promise to Ann.","Since Ann had a pre-existing duty to return Bea's golf clubs to her when the agreement between Ann and Bea was made, there was no consideration for Bea's promise to Ann."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1311,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A valid contract requires consideration, which is a benefit or detriment exchanged between the parties. In this case, Bea's promise to repay Carla's debt to Ann needs to be supported by valid consideration from Ann. The most persuasive argument would focus on whether there was sufficient consideration for Bea's promise.\n\n- Option A is incorrect because the absence of specified consequences does not negate liability.\n- Option B is incorrect because the commencement of payments does not invalidate a contract.\n- Option C is incorrect because courts generally do not assess the adequacy of consideration if it exists.\n- Option D is incorrect because Bea's promise could still be supported by new consideration from Ann.\n- Option E is incorrect because Ann's actual forbearance could serve as implied consideration.\n- Option F is incorrect because Ann's forbearance was beneficial to Carla and thus relevant.\n- Option G is incorrect because the return of golf clubs was part of the agreement and not prior.\n- Option H is incorrect because Beaâ€™s request for forbearance can be implied from the context.\n- Option I is correct because Ann had a pre-existing duty to return Beaâ€™s golf clubs, meaning that returning them cannot serve as new consideration for Beaâ€™s promise.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Ann, Bea, and Carla were three friends who lived in the same neighborhood. While Ann was away on a business trip, someone broke into her garage and stole her golf clubs. The next week, Ann was planning to go on vacation and asked Bea if she could borrow her golf clubs. Bea agreed and loaned her golf clubs to Ann, who promised to return them after her vacation. When Ann returned home, she kept the golf clubs and continued to use them. A few weeks later, Bea was having dinner with Carla and learned that Carla owed Ann $4,000. Carla had just been laid off from her job and did not have the money to repay Ann. Bea told Carla that she would contact Ann and make arrangements to repay the loan on her behalf. Thereupon, Ann and Bea entered into a written agreement wherein Bea promised to pay Ann, at a rate of $400 a month, the matured $4,000 debt that Carla owed Ann. In the same written instrument, Ann promised to return Bea's golf clubs, which she still had in her possession. Ann, however, made no written or oral. commitment to forbear to sue Carla to collect the $4,000 debt; and Bea made no oral or written request for any such forbearance. After this agreement between Ann and Bea was signed and executed, Ann promptly returned the golf clubs to Bea. For the next six months, Bea made and Ann accepted the $400 monthly payments as agreed. During that period, Ann, in fact, did forbear to take any legal action against Carla. However, Bea then repudiated her agreement with Ann, and 30 days later Ann filed a contract action against Bea. Assume that the applicable statute of limitations on Ann's antecedent claim against Carla expired the day before Ann filed her contract action against Bea. Which of the following is the most persuasive argument that Bea is not liable to Ann under the terms of their written agreement?","score":1,"choices":["Since the agreement did not specify the consequences if Bea failed to make the payments, Bea is not liable to Ann.","Since Bea had already begun making payments to Ann, there was no valid contract between them.","Since the written agreement between Bea and Ann shows a gross imbalance between the values of the promises exchanged, the consideration for Bea's promise was legally insufficient to support it.","Since Carla, when the agreement between Ann and Bea was made, had a pre-existing duty to repay the $4,000 debt to Ann, there was no consideration for Bea's promise to Ann.","Since Ann did not expressly promise to forbear to sue Carla to collect the antecedent $4,000 debt, Ann's forbearance for six months could not constitute consideration for Bea's promise.","Since Ann did not take any legal action against Carla, Bea's promise to repay the debt was unnecessary and thus lacks consideration.","Since Ann returned Bea's golf clubs before the agreement was signed, Bea's promise to repay the $4,000 debt lacks consideration.","Since Bea had made no oral or written request for Ann's forbearance, Bea's promise to repay the debt lacks consideration.","Since Ann had a pre-existing duty to return Bea's golf clubs to her when the agreement between Ann and Bea was made, there was no consideration for Bea's promise to Ann.","Since the statute of limitations on Ann's claim against Carla had expired, Bea's promise to repay the debt is not enforceable."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1312,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment prohibits states from denying any person within their jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. This clause has been interpreted to apply to gender discrimination as well. Since the company is leasing public land and operating under a license granted by the state, it can be argued that its actions are subject to scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause. The company's policy of excluding women based solely on gender would likely be considered discriminatory.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In a secluded county, where prejudice festers and discrimination flourishes, there is a lovely lake, which the county has developed and maintained for recreational purposes. Although it is not the only lake in the county, it is the largest and most scenic, and it attracts visitors from miles around. One of its biggest assets is the excellent fishing and boating, which is available to the public at large. Three years ago, in order to enhance the recreational aspects of the lake, the county leased a sizable portion of the lake and surrounding parkland to a company owned by the most prominent family in the county. The lease required the company to construct and operate a first-rate yacht house and club, complete with bar, restaurant, and private marina, and to pay the county 10% of its net profits as rent. The company set up bylaws, which were reviewed and approved by the county at the time the lease was negotiated. According to the bylaws, the yacht club, complete with its restaurant and bar, would be open to members only, and the membership committee was empowered to set up strict membership \"standards,\" as well as the cost of membership fees and dues. Upon completion of the facilities, the state granted the company a license to sell alcoholic beverages in its restaurant and bar. The membership committee announced that the membership fee was $5,000 and the monthly dues $75. Furthermore, the membership committee had a policy of approving only membership applications from men, while disapproving and denying all applications from women. There were other similar facilities within the county available to women. A woman resident of the county brings suit against the company, claiming that her membership application was denied only because she is a woman, and that its policy of excluding women as a group denies her equal protection rights. Which of the following is the most accurate statement?","score":1,"choices":["The plaintiff will prevail, because the company is in violation of the county's approved bylaws.","The plaintiff will prevail if she can prove the company's policy is based on gender discrimination.","The plaintiff will prevail, because the company's policy is discriminatory and violates her civil rights.","The plaintiff will lose, because she can use other facilities within the county.","The plaintiff will lose, because the company is a private entity and not subject to equal protection laws.","The plaintiff will lose, because the company has the right to set its own membership criteria.","The plaintiff will lose, because classifications based on sex have not yet been held to violate the equal protection clause.","The plaintiff will prevail unless the company can prove some important basis for the exclusion of women.","The plaintiff will lose, because other similar facilities are available to women."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1313,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A quitclaim deed transfers the interest the grantor has in the property but does not guarantee that the property is free of encumbrances. The mortgage was recorded immediately, which means it is a matter of public record, and thus the farmer would have constructive notice of it. However, a quitclaim deed does not imply an assumption of the mortgage debt unless explicitly stated. Therefore, the farmer did not promise to pay the mortgage debt.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A rancher, being owner in fee simpleconveyed the property by warranty deed to a woman. The woman gave her niece a mortgage on the ranch to secure a loan from the niece to the woman in the amount of $500,000. The mortgage was recorded immediately. Two years later, the woman conveyed the ranch to a farmer by quitclaim deed. The woman then defaulted on the mortgage, and the niece brought an in personam action against the farmer to recover the amount of the mortgage due. Assume that the woman's quitclaim deed to the farmer made no reference to the mortgage. The woman then defaulted on the mortgage, and the niece brought an in personam action against the farmer to recover the amount of the mortgage due. The mortgagee will probably","score":1,"choices":["succeed, because the mortgage was recorded immediately.","not succeed, because the quitclaim deed did not reference the mortgage.","succeed, because an implied delegation of duties resulted from the woman's conveyance to the farmer.","succeed, because the quitclaim deed does not absolve the farmer of the mortgage debt.","not succeed, unless the farmer had constructive notice of the existence of the mortgage.","succeed, because the niece was a third-party beneficiary under the conveyance between the woman and the farmer.","not succeed, because the woman was still legally responsible for the mortgage debt.","not succeed, because the farmer did not promise to pay the mortgage debt.","succeed, because the farmer implicitly accepted responsibility for the mortgage by accepting the quitclaim deed."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1314,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. When a property is transferred via a quitclaim deed, the buyer takes the property \"as is,\" including any existing encumbrances such as mortgages. The recording of the mortgage provides constructive notice to subsequent purchasers, meaning that the farmer should have been aware of the mortgage when he accepted the quitclaim deed. Therefore, the strongest argument is that the mortgagee will succeed because the mortgage was recorded immediately, providing constructive notice.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A rancher, being owner in fee simpleconveyed the property by warranty deed to a woman. The woman gave her niece a mortgage on the ranch to secure a loan from the niece to the woman in the amount of $500,000. The mortgage was recorded immediately. Two years later, the woman conveyed the ranch to a farmer by quitclaim deed. The woman then defaulted on the mortgage, and the niece brought an in personam action against the farmer to recover the amount of the mortgage due. Assume that the woman's quitclaim deed to the farmer made no reference to the mortgage. The woman then defaulted on the mortgage, and the niece brought an in personam action against the farmer to recover the amount of the mortgage due. The mortgagee will probably","score":0,"choices":["succeed, because the mortgage was recorded immediately.","not succeed, because the quitclaim deed did not reference the mortgage.","succeed, because an implied delegation of duties resulted from the woman's conveyance to the farmer.","not succeed, because the farmer was not a party to the original mortgage contract.","succeed, because the quitclaim deed does not absolve the farmer of the mortgage debt.","not succeed, unless the farmer had constructive notice of the existence of the mortgage.","succeed, because the niece was a third-party beneficiary under the conveyance between the woman and the farmer.","not succeed, because the woman was still legally responsible for the mortgage debt.","not succeed, because the farmer did not promise to pay the mortgage debt.","succeed, because the farmer implicitly accepted responsibility for the mortgage by accepting the quitclaim deed."],"correct":"I","answer":"A"}
{"number":1315,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the rules of evidence for help. The best evidence rule generally requires the original document to be produced when its contents are in dispute. However, there are exceptions to this rule, such as when the original document is lost or destroyed, provided that the loss or destruction was not due to bad faith by the proponent of the evidence. In this case, since the original contract was lost and there is no indication of bad faith, a duplicate carbon copy can be admissible.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A buyer filed a lawsuit against a seller based on a written contract allegedly executed at the time of the sale of the seller's hot dog stand to the buyer. Under the terms of the contract, the seller agreed not to open a hot dog stand for a period of two years within a distance of two miles of the old hot dog stand, now owned by the buyer. The buyer alleged in his complaint that the seller violated the contract by opening a hot dog stand one-half mile from the old location. The original contract was lost prior to trial. At trial, the buyer wants to introduce a duplicate carbon copy of the written contract. The seller objects as to the authenticity of the original written contract. The copy is","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, because the seller contests the authenticity of the written contract.","inadmissible, because the best evidence rule requires that the original contract always be used as evidence.","admissible, because the duplicate is a carbon copy.","admissible, because the original contract was lost."],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":1316,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The best evidence rule generally requires that the original document be produced to prove the content of a writing, recording, or photograph. However, if the original is lost or destroyed (not in bad faith), other evidence of the contents of the original may be admissible. A duplicate is admissible to the same extent as an original unless a genuine question is raised about the original's authenticity or the circumstances make it unfair to admit the duplicate.\n\nIn this case, since the original contract was lost and there is no indication of bad faith, a duplicate carbon copy can be admissible. However, because the seller objects to the authenticity of the original contract, it raises a genuine question about its authenticity.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A buyer filed a lawsuit against a seller based on a written contract allegedly executed at the time of the sale of the seller's hot dog stand to the buyer. Under the terms of the contract, the seller agreed not to open a hot dog stand for a period of two years within a distance of two miles of the old hot dog stand, now owned by the buyer. The buyer alleged in his complaint that the seller violated the contract by opening a hot dog stand one-half mile from the old location. The original contract was lost prior to trial. At trial, the buyer wants to introduce a duplicate carbon copy of the written contract. The seller objects as to the authenticity of the original written contract. The copy is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because the original contract was lost.","inadmissible, unless the seller admits to the authenticity of the duplicate.","inadmissible, because the seller did not sign or acknowledge the duplicate.","inadmissible, because the best evidence rule requires that the original contract always be used as evidence.","admissible, because the duplicate is a carbon copy.","inadmissible, because the duplicate might be a forgery.","admissible, only if the buyer can provide witnesses to confirm the authenticity of the duplicate.","admissible, if the court can confirm the fairness of the contract.","admissible, because the duplicate has the same legal value as the original contract.","inadmissible, because the seller contests the authenticity of the written contract."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1317,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. To prevail on a claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED), the plaintiff must show that the defendant's conduct was extreme and outrageous, that the conduct was intended to cause severe emotional distress or was done with reckless disregard of the likelihood of causing such distress, and that severe emotional distress did indeed occur as a result.\n\nIn this case, while the graduate did initially attend the course without paying, she did send a cashier's check for the full amount shortly thereafter. The bar review company filed a complaint without attempting to contact her first, and after receiving payment, they failed to inform the prosecutor. This could be seen as reckless disregard for the potential emotional distress caused by their actions.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"After graduating from law school, a graduate moved to a city where she had been offered a position in an entertainment law firm. When she arrived, the graduate was told that her job was contingent on passing the state bar examination, which was being offered in July. In preparing for the bar examination, the graduate planned to take a bar review course. Although she had not pre-enrolled, the graduate planned to attend and pay for the course at registration. On the morning the course was set to begin, the graduate arrived late after getting stuck in freeway traffic. By the time the graduate got to the course location, registration had already been completed. When the graduate looked into the room where the course was being conducted, she saw the lecture had begun, and everyone was inside busily taking notes. Panicky, the graduate picked up a set of course materials that were lying on the registration table and entered without paying. Although the graduate intended to pay the enrollment fee, no one was at the registration table to take her money. After attending the first couple of classes, the graduate sent a cashier's check for the full amount of the enrollment fee to the bar review company. Unbeknownst to the graduate, the bar review course's regional director noticed that she had entered the lectures without paying. After ascertaining her identity from a fellow student who knew the graduate, the company filed a complaint with the local prosecutor, and a warrant was issued for her arrest. The complaint charged the graduate with the crime of larceny by trick, for deliberately failing to pay for services rendered. After the complaint was issued, the graduate's check arrived at the company's office. The company deposited the check but failed to inform the prosecutor that payment had been received. The graduate was arrested and held in custody overnight before the matter was resolved. The graduate suffered severe emotional distress at the publicity she received in the local newspapers and the humiliation she suffered for being arrested and held in police custody. Terribly upset, the graduate was unable to take the bar exam and, thus, lost her job at the entertainment law firm. If the graduate asserts a claim against the bar-review company based on infliction of emotional distress, will she prevail?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the graduate did not intend to defraud the company.","Yes, because the graduate was unfairly arrested and held in custody overnight.","No, because the company was within its rights to file a complaint when it noticed the graduate had attended without paying.","No, because filing-the complaint with the prosecutor was not outrageous conduct.","Yes, because the graduate ended up losing her job due to the emotional distress caused by the situation.","No, because the company did not intend to cause the graduate to suffer severe emotional distress.","Yes, because the company did not attempt to contact the graduate before filing a complaint.","No, because the graduate did initially attend the course without paying the enrollment fee.","Yes, because the company made no effort to inform the prosecutor that the registration fee had been paid in full.","No, because the graduate should have pre-enrolled for the course to ensure her spot."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1318,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Evidence of similar occurrences can be admissible if it shows a pattern of behavior or knowledge of a dangerous condition. In this case, the witness's testimony about a similar incident could demonstrate that the restaurant was aware of the potential danger posed by its soft drinks, which is relevant to proving negligence.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man suffered frostbite when he spilled a soft drink on his lap that he had purchased from a restaurant. The man sued the restaurant for negligence and damages. At trial, the man's attorney calls a witness to testify that the witness also suffered frostbite when she spilled a soft drink in her lap that she had purchased at the restaurant two weeks earlier. The witness also states that she told the restaurant about her injury immediately after suffering it. Upon objection by the restaurant's attorney, the trial judge should rule the witness's testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible, but only to prove the restaurant's negligence and not for any claims of damages.","inadmissible, as it is an unrelated incident and does not prove the restaurant's negligence in the man's case.","admissible, as it is a similar occurrence and can prove a pattern of negligence by the restaurant.","inadmissible, as it is hearsay and not directly related to the man's case.","admissible to prove that the restaurant should have been aware of the danger of frostbite posed by its soft drinks.","inadmissible, because it is not probative of a fact in issue.","admissible to prove the restaurant's negligence, provided that the court gives a cautionary instruction that the testimony should not be considered as bearing on the issue of damages.","inadmissible, because it seeks to put into evidence separate, unrelated transactions with a third party.","admissible, as it demonstrates the restaurant's knowledge of the risk associated with their soft drinks.","inadmissible, because it constitutes character evidence against the restaurant."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1319,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Evidence of similar occurrences can be admissible to show that the defendant had notice of a dangerous condition, which is relevant to proving negligence. The testimony of the witness who experienced a similar incident two weeks earlier and informed the restaurant about it could demonstrate that the restaurant was aware of the potential danger posed by its soft drinks.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man suffered frostbite when he spilled a soft drink on his lap that he had purchased from a restaurant. The man sued the restaurant for negligence and damages. At trial, the man's attorney calls a witness to testify that the witness also suffered frostbite when she spilled a soft drink in her lap that she had purchased at the restaurant two weeks earlier. The witness also states that she told the restaurant about her injury immediately after suffering it. Upon objection by the restaurant's attorney, the trial judge should rule the witness's testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible, but only to prove the restaurant's negligence and not for any claims of damages.","inadmissible, as it is an unrelated incident and does not prove the restaurant's negligence in the man's case.","admissible, as it is a similar occurrence and can prove a pattern of negligence by the restaurant.","inadmissible, as it is hearsay and not directly related to the man's case.","admissible to prove that the restaurant should have been aware of the danger of frostbite posed by its soft drinks.","inadmissible, because it is not probative of a fact in issue.","admissible to prove the restaurant's negligence, provided that the court gives a cautionary instruction that the testimony should not be considered as bearing on the issue of damages.","inadmissible, because it seeks to put into evidence separate, unrelated transactions with a third party.","admissible, as it demonstrates the restaurant's knowledge of the risk associated with their soft drinks.","inadmissible, because it constitutes character evidence against the restaurant."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1320,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a unilateral mistake (where one party is mistaken about a material fact) can sometimes be grounds for voiding the contract if the non-mistaken party knew or should have known about the mistake. Given the significant disparity between the $1,000 bid and the other bids ranging from $10,000 to $12,500, it is reasonable to argue that the homeowner should have been aware of the mistake.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A homeowner wished to have his house painted. He contacted a number of house painters in his area and asked them to submit bids to do the work. The homeowner received 10 bids. The first nine offered to paint the house for amounts ranging from $10,000 to $12,500. The 10th bid was sent by telegram and was supposed to be for $10,000. However, the telegraph company made a mistake and transmitted the bid as $1,000. The homeowner immediately accepted the 1 0th bid, but the 1 0 painter refused to perform. The I 0th painter's best defense in an action for breach of contract by the homeowner would be","score":1,"choices":["that the homeowner should have been aware of the mistaken transmission, because of the disparity between its bid and the others.","that the telegraph company should be liable as an independent contractor.","that the homeowner deliberately exploited the telegraph company's mistake.","that the telegraph company's mistake nullifies the contractual agreement.","that the homeowner's immediate acceptance of the bid was unreasonable.","that the discrepancy between the bid and the actual cost of painting is too large.","that the mistake made the contract unconscionable.","that the homeowner was under an affirmative duty to investigate all submitted bids.","that the bid was not legally binding as it was sent via telegram.","that the homeowner failed to provide accurate specifications for the job."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1321,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a unilateral mistake (a mistake made by one party) can be grounds for voiding a contract if the non-mistaken party knew or should have known of the mistake. Given the significant disparity between the 10th bid and the others, it is reasonable to argue that the homeowner should have been aware of the mistake.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A homeowner wished to have his house painted. He contacted a number of house painters in his area and asked them to submit bids to do the work. The homeowner received 10 bids. The first nine offered to paint the house for amounts ranging from $10,000 to $12,500. The 10th bid was sent by telegram and was supposed to be for $10,000. However, the telegraph company made a mistake and transmitted the bid as $1,000. The homeowner immediately accepted the 1 0th bid, but the 1 0 painter refused to perform. The I 0th painter's best defense in an action for breach of contract by the homeowner would be","score":1,"choices":["that the homeowner should have been aware of the mistaken transmission, because of the disparity between its bid and the others.","that the telegraph company should be liable as an independent contractor.","that the homeowner deliberately exploited the telegraph company's mistake.","that the telegraph company's mistake nullifies the contractual agreement.","that the homeowner's immediate acceptance of the bid was unreasonable.","that the discrepancy between the bid and the actual cost of painting is too large.","that the homeowner was under an affirmative duty to investigate all submitted bids.","that the bid was not legally binding as it was sent via telegram.","that the homeowner failed to provide accurate specifications for the job."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1322,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Summary judgment is appropriate only when there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. In this case, the custom of opening hatches for ventilation after longshoremen have left could be relevant but not necessarily conclusive on the issue of negligence. The jury should consider whether the ship's owner acted reasonably under the circumstances, taking into account the custom but also other factors such as the foreseeability of harm and the burden of taking precautions.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A longshoreman fell to his death through an open hatch on the deck of a ship. The longshoreman was an employee of a company that had contracted with the ship's owner to load and unload the ship. The fall occurred at night, when loading work was over for the day, and there was no reason for the longshoreman to have been near the hatch. A negligence action was filed against the ship's owner for the death of the longshoreman. In that action, the owner has moved for summary judgment and has provided unrebutted evidence that it is customary for the crews of ships to open the hatches for ventilation after the longshoremen have left the ships. How should the court respond to the motion?","score":1,"choices":["Deny the motion and submit the case to the jury with instructions that the ship's owner is liable if the hatch was left open irresponsibly.","Grant the motion, because the custom should be considered conclusive on the issue of negligence.","Grant the motion, because it is customary for the crews to open the hatches for ventilation after the longshoremen have left the ship.","Deny the motion and submit the case to the jury with instructions that the ship's owner should win if the longshoreman was improperly near the hatch.","Deny the motion, because the probability of serious injury caused by falling down an open hatch clearly outweighs the burden of keeping the hatch closed.","Grant the motion, as the longshoreman was an employee of a different company and the ship's owner can't be held responsible for his whereabouts.","Deny the motion, because the ship's owner should have ensured that all hatches were closed after the longshoremen had left the ship.","Grant the motion, because there was no reason for the longshoreman to have been near the hatch.","Deny the motion and submit the case to the jury with instructions that the custom is relevant but not conclusive on the issue of negligence.","Deny the motion and submit the case to the jury with instructions that the custom is irrelevant to the issue of negligence."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1323,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The strongest argument would be based on the principle of promissory estoppel, which allows a party to recover on a promise made when they have relied on that promise to their detriment. In this case, the contractor relied on the insulation company's bid in calculating its own bid to the city and suffered a financial loss as a result of that reliance when the insulation company failed to perform. This principle is best captured by option C.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A contractor learned that a city intended to open a new grammar school and was going to ask for bids to construct the school. The contractor decided to submit a bid to do the construction. The contractor contacted all of the subcontractors she had worked with in the past, informed them of the specifics of the school construction project, and asked each to submit a bid for the work they would be requested to perform. An insulation company submitted a bid of $25,000 to do the required insulation work in the new school. Based on that and other subcontract bids, the contractor prepared a general bid and submitted it to the city. Three days after the contractor submitted the bid to the city, the insulation company notified the contractor that it had overbooked its workforce and would be unable to perform the insulation work. The next day, the city notified the contractor that she had won the bid to build the school. The contractor was forced to find another company to do the insulation work. The other company charged the contractor $30,000 to do the insulation. Which of the following arguments best supports the claim for $5,000 by the contractor against the insulation company?","score":0,"choices":["An option contract was created, because the contractor used the insulation company's bid in computing the bid it submitted to the city and notified the insulation company of that fact.","The contractor had made an offer to the insulation company that the latter accepted when it submitted its bid.","The contractor had the right to rely on the insulation company's bid in calculating its own bid to the city.","The insulation company's bid was a firm offer that it could not withdraw without the contractor's agreement.","The contractor and the insulation company had a valid contract that the insulation company breached by failing to perform the work.","The insulation company had made an offer that the contractor accepted by using the insulation company's bid in computing the bid it submitted to the city.","The insulation company had a duty to honor its bid because the contractor had relied on it in good faith.","The insulation company breached a contract when it failed to perform the insulation work.","The contractor suffered damages as a direct result of the insulation company's failure to perform the agreed work.","The insulation company's bid was an offer that it was obligated to hold open, because the insulation company and the contractor were merchants."],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1324,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The defendant is guilty of false pretenses because he intentionally misrepresented a fact (selling oregano as marijuana) to obtain money. He is not guilty of the attempted sale of narcotics because there were no actual narcotics involved, thus no attempt to sell illegal drugs occurred. Solicitation does not apply here as it involves encouraging someone else to commit a crime, which is not the case here.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"One evening, a defendant was at a party and offered to sell an ounce of marijuana to a partygoer. The partygoer agreed to purchase the marijuana and gave the defendant $200. In return, the defendant handed the partygoer a bag containing what appeared to be marijuana. At the time of the transaction, the defendant knew that the bag did not contain marijuana but, instead, was oregano. The defendant is guilty for which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":1,"choices":["Solicitation, attempted sale of narcotics, and false pretenses.","False pretenses.","Solicitation and false pretenses.","Attempted sale of narcotics and false pretenses.","Attempted sale of narcotics.","Attempted fraud.","No crimes, as no actual narcotics were involved.","Theft by deception.","Solicitation and attempted sale of narcotics.","Solicitation, theft by deception, and false pretenses."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1325,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First and Fourteenth Amendments protect freedom of speech from government interference, not private entities. Since the shopping mall is privately owned, it is not subject to the same constitutional requirements as public spaces. The key issue here is whether there was any state action involved, which there was not. Therefore, the mall has the right to control activities on its property.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A large privately owned and operated shopping mall is open to the public and includes small shops, major department stores, and restaurants that are located around a pedestrian area. It also has several movie theaters, an ice-skating rink, a small amusement park, and a branch of the local public library. The mall is advertised as \"a small town with a big-town feel.\" During shopping hours, a group of 10 protesters gathered in the pedestrian area near the entrance to a department store to denounce the sale of animal fur products in that store. The protesters were peaceful and did not interfere with traffic into or out of the store, but they carried signs and vocally communicated their message to people walking in the area. Mall management quickly broke up the protest and required the protesters to leave the mall. The protesters have sued the mall, claiming that their right to freedom of speech guaranteed by the First and Fourteenth Amendments was violated. Should the protesters prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the prohibition of protests adjacent to the entrance of a department store during shopping hours is a constitutionally proper limitation on the time, place, and manner of speech.","No, because the mall has the right to control any activities that could negatively impact its business or patrons.","Yes, because the protesters were peaceful and not interfering with the operation of the store.","Yes, because the mall's advertisement as \"a small town with a big-town feel\" implies a public space where freedom of speech should be respected.","Yes, because the mall is a public space and therefore must allow freedom of speech.","Yes, because the mall is functionally equivalent to a town and, therefore, its actions are subject to the Constitution's guarantees of freedom of speech and assembly.","No, because the mall is private property, and there was no state action to which the freedom of speech guarantees of the First and Fourteenth Amendments apply.","Yes, because the mall's restriction on the protesters' speech was broader than necessary to ensure proper access to the department store.","No, because the mall has the right to maintain a certain atmosphere for its customers, free from protests and demonstrations.","No, because the protesters were causing a disturbance and potentially damaging the mall's business."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1326,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First and Fourteenth Amendments protect freedom of speech from government interference, not private entities. Since the mall is privately owned, it has the right to control activities on its property, and there was no state action involved in breaking up the protest. Therefore, the First and Fourteenth Amendments do not apply here.\nAnswer: G","question":"A large privately owned and operated shopping mall is open to the public and includes small shops, major department stores, and restaurants that are located around a pedestrian area. It also has several movie theaters, an ice-skating rink, a small amusement park, and a branch of the local public library. The mall is advertised as \"a small town with a big-town feel.\" During shopping hours, a group of 10 protesters gathered in the pedestrian area near the entrance to a department store to denounce the sale of animal fur products in that store. The protesters were peaceful and did not interfere with traffic into or out of the store, but they carried signs and vocally communicated their message to people walking in the area. Mall management quickly broke up the protest and required the protesters to leave the mall. The protesters have sued the mall, claiming that their right to freedom of speech guaranteed by the First and Fourteenth Amendments was violated. Should the protesters prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the prohibition of protests adjacent to the entrance of a department store during shopping hours is a constitutionally proper limitation on the time, place, and manner of speech.","No, because the mall has the right to control any activities that could negatively impact its business or patrons.","Yes, because the protesters were peaceful and not interfering with the operation of the store.","Yes, because the mall's advertisement as \"a small town with a big-town feel\" implies a public space where freedom of speech should be respected.","Yes, because the mall is a public space and therefore must allow freedom of speech.","Yes, because the mall is functionally equivalent to a town and, therefore, its actions are subject to the Constitution's guarantees of freedom of speech and assembly.","No, because the mall is private property, and there was no state action to which the freedom of speech guarantees of the First and Fourteenth Amendments apply.","Yes, because the mall's restriction on the protesters' speech was broader than necessary to ensure proper access to the department store.","No, because the mall has the right to maintain a certain atmosphere for its customers, free from protests and demonstrations.","No, because the protesters were causing a disturbance and potentially damaging the mall's business."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1327,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statute is a strict liability crime, meaning no particular mental state is required for its violation. The key issue here is whether the defendant's actions or inactions led to the sale of cigarettes to a minor. Since the defendant was responsible for the store and left the cigarettes accessible, his voluntary intoxication does not absolve him of liability under strict liability rules.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A state has a statute prohibiting the sale of cigarettes to any person under the age of 17. Violation of the statute is a misdemeanor punishable by a fine not less than $500 or more than $5,000 The state courts have interpreted this statute as a public welfare offense requiring no particular mental state for its violation. As such, this is a strict liability crime whereby culpability is imposed on a defendant for doing the proscribed act. The defendant, a recovering alcoholic, worked as a cashier at a drug store. Late one night while the defendant was working alone, he got the urge to have a drink. He opened a bottle of rum that the store sold and soon began drinking. A short time later, the defendant became inebriated and passed out. Not long thereafter, a 15-year-old girl entered the store to purchase a package of cigarettes. She took a box off the shelf and went to the cashier's counter to pay for them. Seeing the defendant lying on the floor, unconscious, the girl left the exact price for the cigarettes on the countertop and left the store. If the defendant is prosecuted for violating the state statute, he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because the defendant was in charge of the store at the time of the violation.","not guilty, because the defendant's employer is vicariously liable for the violation that occurred.","not guilty, because the defendant did not physically sell the cigarettes to the girl.","not guilty, because the defendant did not receive any money for the cigarettes.","not guilty, because the defendant was unconscious.","not guilty, because the girl took the cigarettes without the defendant's knowledge.","guilty, because the 15-year-old girl should have been denied service.","guilty, because the defendant left the cigarettes in an accessible place.","guilty, because the defendant's intoxication was voluntaiy."],"correct":"E","answer":"I"}
{"number":1328,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. However, there are exceptions to the warrant requirement, such as the \"protective sweep\" doctrine, which allows officers to conduct a limited search of the premises to ensure their safety and that of others when they have a reasonable belief that another individual posing a danger is present. In this case, the officers were lawfully in the house with an arrest warrant and conducted a protective sweep for the accomplice. During this lawful sweep, they found cocaine in plain view.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Police officers had probable cause to believe that a man had committed a series of armed bank robberies with an accomplice. The officers obtained a valid arrest warrant for the man and went to his house to arrest him. The officers found the front door ajar and could hear a radio playing inside. They knocked on the door, identified themselves as police officers, and stated that they had a warrant. Getting no response, the officers entered the house. After the officers called the man's name several times and again identified themselves as police officers, the man emerged from the basement and was arrested. The officers went into the basement to look for the accomplice. They opened a closet door and found cocaine in plain view. They did not find the accomplice. The man was indicted for cocaine possession. He has moved to suppress the cocaine as evidence on the ground that it was obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment. Should the court grant the motion to suppress?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the officers discovered the cocaine during a lawful protective sweep of the house looking for the man's accomplice.","Yes, because the man was not given a chance to surrender before the officers entered the house.","Yes, because the officers did not find the accomplice in the house.","No, because the officers had a valid arrest warrant for the man.","Yes, because the officers entered the house without permission.","Yes, because the officers did not have probable cause to believe that cocaine would be in the closet.","No, because the search was incident to the man's arrest.","No, because the officers had probable cause to believe that the man was involved in criminal activity.","No, because the cocaine was in plain view when the officers opened the closet.","Yes, because the officers did not have a search warrant."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1329,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The key issue here is the interpretation of \"knowingly\" in the context of the statute. The Supreme Court has often held that \"knowingly\" acquiring or possessing something does not necessarily require specific intent to violate the law, but rather awareness of the nature of one's actions. Therefore, if the statute only requires proof that the defendant knowingly acquired food stamps, and not that he knew his actions were illegal, then the conviction would likely be affirmed.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A federal statute governing food stamp fraud makes it a crime to knowingly acquire or possess food coupons in a manner not authorized by the statute or the regulations. A grocery store owner purchased discounted food stamps from an undercover agent, and was arrested for violating the statute. At trial, the store owner claimed that the government must prove that he had the specific intent to commit a crime. The government contended it only had to show that he knowingly acquired food stamps, and that this was not a specific intent crime. The trial judge adopted the government's interpretation, and the store owner was convicted. His appeal made it all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Will the Court likely reverse or affirm the conviction and why?","score":0,"choices":["Conviction reversed, because a store owner is exempt from the statute, which applies only to consumers who use food stamps illegally.","Conviction affirmed, because the statute does not require the government to prove that the defendant knew his actions were in violation of the law.","Conviction affirmed, because the meaning of knowingly does not connote that there must be specific knowledge by the actor that what he is doing is illegal.","Conviction reversed, because the statute does not clearly define 'knowingly' and thus is too vague to enforce.","Conviction affirmed, because the modern trend of the law is to recognize criminal liability without mens rea or specific criminal intent.","Conviction reversed, because the law is unfairly biased against store owners who might unknowingly purchase discounted food stamps.","Conviction affirmed, because the statute only requires proof of intent to commit the act, not intent to violate the law.","Conviction reversed, because the better interpretation is that mens rea is included, and the owner must know his conduct is in violation of the criminal laws.","Conviction reversed, because the government failed to prove the store owner was aware that his actions were illegal."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1330,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statute of limitations is a law that sets the maximum time after an event within which legal proceedings may be initiated. Once the statute of limitations on a case \"runs out,\" the legal claim is no longer valid and cannot be pursued in court. In this scenario, the statute of limitations expired on September 30 of last year. The debtor's promise to pay $5,000 on June 1 does not revive the creditor's right to sue for the original $12,000 debt because it was already time-barred. Therefore, the creditor is not entitled to anything due to the expiration of the statute of limitations.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A debtor owed a creditor $12,000 under a promissory note. Under the applicable statute of limitations, a suit to collect on the promissory note had to have been filed by September 30 of last year. On June 1 of this year, the creditor received a letter from the debtor stating, \"I shall pay you $5,000 on July 1 in full satisfaction of what I owe you. \" However, the debtor failed to make the payment on July 1. If, on August 1, the creditor brings suit against the debtor and the debtor asserts the statute of limitations as an affirmative defense and refuses to pay the creditor anything, which of the following accurately states the creditor's legal rights against the debtor?","score":0,"choices":["On July 1, not June 1, the creditor will be entitled to a judgment against the debtor for$12,000.","On June 1, the creditor became entitled to a judgment against the debtor for $12,000.","The creditor is entitled to a judgment against the debtor for $5,000, regardless of the date.","On August 1, the creditor became entitled to a judgment against the debtor for $12,000.","The creditor is entitled to a judgment against the debtor for $7,000, the remaining amount after the promised $5,000 payment.","On July 1, the creditor became entitled to a judgment against the debtor for the full $12,000, due to the debtor's failure to pay.","The creditor is not entitled to anything, due to the statute of limitations expiring.","On July 1, not June 1, the creditor became entitled to a judgment against the debtor for $5,000 only.","The creditor is not entitled to anything, on either June 1 or on July 1."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1331,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, specifically Rule 50(b), a party may renew its motion for judgment as a matter of law (formerly known as a motion for directed verdict) within 28 days after the entry of judgment. This means that the defendant's motion to set aside the verdict and have judgment entered in accordance with its motion for directed verdict is timely if filed within this period. The court should consider the motion even though new arguments are raised, as it is within the allowable time frame.\nAnswer: C","question":"At the close of all the evidence in a jury trial, Defendant moves for a directed verdict. After much argument, the court denies the motion. Subsequently, the jury returns a verdict for Plaintiff. The day after the jury returns its verdict, the court enters judgment for Plaintiff. One week later, Defendant moves to set aside the verdict and have judgment entered in accordance with its motion for directed verdict. In the motion, Defendant raises arguments that were not raised at trial. Plaintiff's counsel objects to the court even hearing the motion to set aside the verdict. Should the court consider the motion?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the court entered final judgment for Plaintiff before the motion to set aside the verdict was filed.","Yes, because the court may reconsider its decision on the motion for directed verdict.","Yes, because Defendant had ten days after the jury returned its verdict within which to move to set aside the verdict.","Yes, because Defendant has the right to appeal the jury's verdict.","No, because the motion to set aside the verdict is not timely.","No, because the court denied the motion for directed verdict rather than reserving ruling.","Yes, because Defendant has raised new grounds.","Yes, because the court has the discretion to consider any motion that is relevant to the case.","No, because Plaintiff's counsel objects to the motion to set aside the verdict."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1332,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, the concept of proximate cause is crucial in determining liability. Proximate cause refers to the primary cause of an injury, which is a direct and foreseeable result of the defendant's actions. In this scenario, while the taxi driver's actions were provocative, the police officer's reaction (firing a gun) was not a foreseeable consequence of the taxi driver's taunting. The shooting was an independent and unforeseeable act by the police officer, breaking the chain of causation between the taxi driver's conduct and the clerk's injury.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A taxicab driver stopped at a convenience store to buy a snack. While he was handing his money to the store clerk at the cash register, a police officer entered the store. The taxi driver had received several traffic tickets from the police officer, and he felt that the police officer had been very rude to him. Seeking to gain some revenge, the taxi driver immediately began to taunt and berate the police officer, calling him a variety of profane and insulting names. The police officer was going through a series of personal difficulties and was feeling very emotionally fragile. As the taxi driver's insults rained down on him, the police officer suddenly snapped. He whipped out his gun and fired a shot at the taxi driver. The bullet missed the taxi driver but hit the store clerk, who was standing behind the taxi driver. The clerk survived the shooting but suffered a gunshot wound to his shoulder. In an action by the injured clerk against the taxi driver to recover for his personal injuries, plaintiff will most likely","score":1,"choices":["recover, because the taxi driver's conduct was the proximate cause of the clerk's injuries.","recover, because the taxi driver's actions were reckless and endangered everyone in the store.","not recover, because the shooting was not a foreseeable consequence of the taxi driver's conduct.","not recover, because the police officer intended to shoot the taxi driver, not the store clerk.","not recover, because the taxi driver had no control over the police officer's actions.","recover, because it was foreseeable that the taxi driver's conduct would result in the clerk being shot.","recover, because the taxi driver should have known his actions could provoke the police officer.","recover, because the taxi driver indirectly caused the police officer to react violently.","not recover, because the taxi driver didn't physically harm the clerk.","not recover, because the police officer was the one who fired the gun."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1333,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, consideration is required for a promise to be enforceable. Consideration refers to something of value exchanged between the parties. Past actions, such as the employee saving the boss's life, are generally not considered valid consideration for a new promise because they were not performed in exchange for that promise. Therefore, the boss's promise to provide lifetime employment lacks sufficient consideration and is not legally binding.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"One morning, an employee arrived at work and found his boss passed out on the floor of his office. The employee determined that his boss was not breathing, immediately rendered CPR to his boss, and succeeded in reviving him. The employee then called the paramedics, who took the boss to the hospital. Two week later, the boss returned to work. Grateful for the employee's quick action in saving his life, the boss said to the employee, \"You'll have ajob with me for life. \"Which of the following best characterizes the legal relationship between the boss and the employee on that date?","score":1,"choices":["Since the employee gratuitously rendered assistance to the boss, there was insufficient consideration to support the boss's subsequent promise to provide the employee with lifetime employment.","The boss had a duty to pay the employee reasonable compensation for saving his life, based upon a contract implied-in-fact.","The employee had a valid enforceable contract due to the boss's promise.","The employee's act of saving the boss's life constituted a legally enforceable contract.","The employee's act of saving the boss's life was sufficient past consideration to render enforceable the boss's subsequent promise.","The boss's promise was not legally binding as it was made under duress.","The employee's act of saving the boss's life was a gift and did not create a contractual obligation.","The boss's promise was voidable due to lack of consideration.","&s per the boss's oral promise, the employee had an enforceable lifetime employment contract.","The boss was under no legal obligation to promise the employee anything."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1334,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Negligence involves a duty of care, breach of that duty, causation, and damages. In this case, the boy's actions created a foreseeable risk of harm, even if he did not intend for the guest to be injured. Courts often hold children to a standard of care appropriate for their age, intelligence, and experience. A 12-year-old should reasonably foresee that balancing a bucket of ice-cold water on a door could cause harm to someone who might open it.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A 12-year-old boy decided to play a practical joke. Knowing that his parents were giving a dinner party that evening, the boy filled a bucket with ice-cold water and balanced it on the partially open door of the guest bedroom, thinking that his father would take the guests' coats there to put them on the bed. The boy then went off to play at a friend's house. The boy's father decided to keep all the guests' coats in the hall closet instead of putting them in the guest bedroom. Later that evening, one of the guests mistakenly wandered into the guest bedroom while searching for a bathroom. As the guest opened the door, the bucket fell and hit his head, causing a severe cut that required a dozen stitches. If the guest sues the boy for negligence, the most likely result is","score":1,"choices":["the boy loses, because this \"practical joke\" posed a risk of severe harm and, therefore, the boy had a duty to exercise as much care as a reasonable adult.","the boy wins, because a child's conduct cannot be negligent.","the boy loses, because he did not act with the amount of care that one would expect from a 12-year-old child.","the boy wins, because he could not foresee that a guest would mistakenly enter the guest bedroom.","the boy wins, because he did not expect anyone to enter the guest bedroom.","the boy loses, as he left the house without removing the trap, knowing his parents were having guests over.","the boy wins, because the guest should have been more careful in an unfamiliar house.","the boy wins, because the guest unreasonably assumed the risk of entering an unfamiliar room rather than asking for directions to the bathroom.","the boy loses, because he intentionally set a trap that could potentially cause harm."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1335,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal procedure for help. The Miranda warnings are crucial in ensuring that a defendant's confession is admissible in court. Allegations such as physical abuse, denial of basic needs, lack of probable cause, influence of alcohol, and language barriers can all significantly impact the voluntariness and admissibility of a confession. However, having a private lawyer on retainer does not automatically mean the defendant's rights were violated unless the defendant explicitly requested the lawyer's presence and was denied.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant was arrested for the armed robbery of a liquor store. The defendant was taken directly from the scene of the crime in a patrol car to the police station where he was placed, still handcuffed, in an interview room. He waited for about an hour, and a detective finally came in. The detective gave the defendant his Miranda warnings, and the defendant agreed to sign the waiver and speak to the detective. The defendant then confessed to the robbery. Which of the following allegations would be LEAST helpful in suppressing his statement?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant had a private lawyer on retainer at the time he gave his statement.","The defendant was not informed about the charges against him before the confession.","The defendant was denied food and water before the confession.","Before the defendant gave the statement he was refused permission to use the bathroom.","The defendant's arrest was not based on probable cause.","The defendant was physically abused by the police before the confession.","The defendant was under the influence of alcohol during the confession.","The defendant was not allowed to have his lawyer present during the interrogation.","The defendant could not speak English, and the warnings were given in English.","The defendant was not read his Miranda rights until after he confessed."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1336,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the girl's statement was made voluntarily and without coercion. Since the security guard is not a government official, Miranda warnings do not apply. The strongest reason for admitting her statement would be that it was made voluntarily and without coercion.\nAnswer: G","question":"One afternoon after school, a 14-year-old girl went into a drug store. While browsing, she picked up a candy bar and placed it in her coat pocket. She left the store without paying for it. Unknown to the girl, the store security guard saw what she had done. He immediately ran outside, grabbed her arm, and accused her of stealing the candy bar. The girl broke down and started crying. She then told the security guard that she was hungry because she hadn't eaten any lunch. At a juvenile delinquency court hearing, the security guard proposes to testify to what the girl said. Upon objection by the girl's attorney, the strongest reason for admitting her statement will be because","score":0,"choices":["the girl's statement was made in a public place.","the girl was not in custody.","the girl was not under arrest at the time.","the security guard's remark was an accusation, not an interrogation.","the girl voluntarily admitted to the act.","the security guard did not force the girl to speak.","the girl's statement was not coerced or influenced.","Miranda warnings need not be given to juveniles.","the security guard's testimony provides crucial evidence.","the security guard was not employed by an agency of the government."],"correct":"J","answer":"G"}
{"number":1337,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The father intended to harm the coach, which could be classified as attempted battery or attempted murder depending on the severity of the intended harm. However, he mistakenly attacked another person, resulting in that person's death. Under the doctrine of transferred intent, the father's intent to harm the coach transfers to his actual victim, making him guilty of murder for the death of the man. Since he did not actually commit any crime against the coach but had the intent to do so, he is guilty of attempted battery or attempted murder against the coach.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A young boy was one of the players on a little league baseball team. The boy's father hated the coach because he rarely gave his son any playing time. The boy was mostly a benchwarmer who played only an inning or two during the game. One night, the father hid behind some shrubbery in front of the coach's home. Armed with a baseball bat, the father intended to break the coach's kneecaps when he came home from work. A man, who resembled the coach, was walking down the street. The father mistakenly believed that this man was the coach. The father jumped out of the bushes and hit the man in the kneecaps with the baseball bat. The man, who was a hemophiliac, died as a result of the injuries suffered in the beating. The father is","score":1,"choices":["guilty of battery of the coach and murder of the man.","guilty of the murder of the man, but not guilty of any crime against the coach.","guilty of attempted battery of both the coach and the man.","guilty of attempted manslaughter of both the coach and the man.","guilty of attempted assault of the coach and the murder of the man.","guilty of attempted murder of both the coach and the man.","guilty of attempted battery of the coach and murder of the man.","guilty of attempted manslaughter of the coach and murder of the man.","guilty of the attempted murder of the coach and manslaughter of the man."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1338,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. For a conveyance of land to be valid, the description must be clear enough to identify the specific portion of the property being conveyed. The description provided by Fred is ambiguous and does not clearly specify the exact location or boundaries of the land being given. Terms like \"eastern one tenth of the western corner\" are too vague and do not provide a precise description that can be used to identify the specific portion of land.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Farmer Fred was the owner of Grapeview Farm, the largest farm in the County of Grapeview. Fred was advised by his gift and estate attorney to begin making annual fractionalized gifts of the property to his children. Fred executed a conveyance instrument, stating the gifts as \"one-thirtieth of my ownership interest in Grapeview County, the eastern one tenth of the western corner of the property is hereby given to all my children per capita.\" This description of the land to be conveyed is","score":0,"choices":["Sufficient, because it gives a clear description of the fractional gift.","Sufficient, because it mentions the name of the county and the property.","Sufficient, because it includes the name of the property and a portion of it.","Insufficient, because it doesn't state the exact measurements of the land to be given.","Insufficient, because the gifts to the children lacked consideration.","Insufficient, because it doesn't specify the exact location of the eastern one-tenth.","Insufficient, because it is too vague.","Sufficient, because the property can be identified.","Sufficient, because it satisfies the title of seisin."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1339,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the Federal Rules of Evidence, business records can be admitted as an exception to the hearsay rule if they meet certain criteria, including being made at or near the time by someone with knowledge, kept in the course of a regularly conducted business activity, and it was the regular practice of that business activity to make the record. However, these records must be authenticated either by a custodian or other qualified witness, or by a certification that complies with Rule 902(11) or (12). Without this authentication, the records would not be admissible.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A bank teller was on trial for embezzlement. The prosecution offered into evidence the bank's daily deposit and tally records for a six month period, to show that total deposits did not reconcile with the total funds received and recorded. The prosecution tried to enter the records as exhibits without certification or the testimony of an official bank custodian of records. Defense counsel objected on the basis of hearsay. Is the court likely to order the evidence inadmissible without further proof of authenticity?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because a qualified bank employee must first authenticate them in person or provide a certification in compliance with the rules.","No, because the records are considered public documents and do not need further authentication.","No, because the defense did not provide any counter evidence to dispute the records.","Yes, because the prosecution must also prove the bank teller had access to manipulate these records.","Yes, because bank records are not included in the hearsay exception for business records.","No, because the records are self-authenticating and do not require additional proof of authenticity.","No, because business records kept on a regular basis are allowed as an exception to the hearsay rule and no further qualification is required.","Yes, because the prosecution failed to provide a chain of custody for the records.","No, because the trial court has wide discretion in allowing documentary evidence that is regularly kept by a business.","Yes, because the records must be certified by a public official, not just a bank employee."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1340,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The deed created a life estate for the friend, with a condition subsequent that would transfer the property to the cousin if liquor was sold on the land. Since no liquor was sold and the friend died, the life estate terminated. The reversionary interest would then go back to the woman or her heirs. However, crops planted by a life tenant are considered emblements and belong to the life tenant's estate if they were planted before the tenant's death.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A deed executed by a woman in 2001 conveyed a tract of land for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my friend for life, but if liquor is ever sold on the tract of land, then to my cousin and his heirs, and if for any reason the interest hereby conveyed to my cousin is not valid, then I reserve the right to re-enter the tract of land and take back my property. \" In 2004, the friend died intestate before the wheat he had planted could be harvested. Who is entitled to the proceeds of the crop?","score":1,"choices":["The woman.","The cousin and the woman equally.","The cousin's heirs.","The cousin.","The state.","The woman's heirs.","Divided equally between the friend's heirs and the woman.","The friend's next of kin.","The friend's heirs."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1341,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, an acceptance that adds additional or different terms can still form a contract unless the acceptance is expressly made conditional on assent to the additional or different terms. Chickenshop's reply does not explicitly state that acceptance is conditional on the city scale weight certificate. Therefore, it is considered an acceptance, and a contract was formed, but the terms regarding the city scale weight certificate may need to be clarified.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Calvin Poultry Co. offered to sell Chickenshop 20,000 pounds of chicken at 40 cents per pound under specified delivery terms. Chickenshop accepted the offer as follows: \"We accept your offer for 20,000 pounds of chicken at 40 cents per pound per city scale weight certificate.\"Â Which of the following is correct?","score":0,"choices":["Chickenshop's reply constitutes a counteroffer and no contract was formed.","A contract was formed, but the terms need to be clarified.","Chickenshop's reply constitutes a rejection of the offer, and no contract was formed.","Chickenshop's reply constitutes acceptance of the offer, but the terms are subject to change.","Chickenshop's reply constitutes a conditional acceptance, but not a counteroffer.","A contract was formed, but it's not legally binding.","A contract was formed on Chickenshop's terms.","Chickenshop's reply is considered a breach of contract.","A contract was formed but the terms are negotiable."],"correct":"G","answer":"B"}
{"number":1342,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Privileges and Immunities Clause under Article IV, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution prevents a state from treating citizens of other states in a discriminatory manner. Charging out-of-staters more for the same product is a form of discrimination against nonresidents.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"There is a thriving source of crawfish that live in a state. The state owns a fleet of boats that trawl for crawfish. The state is willing to sell the crawfish to in-staters for $1 per pound and to out-of-staters who come to the state for $5 per pound. The state felt that the increased fee for out-of-staters was a reasonable contribution toward the protection they received from the state. Assume that the federal court decided to hear the case. The statute is likely to be found","score":1,"choices":["unconstitutional, because it infringes on the rights of interstate commerce.","constitutional, because out-of-staters are not entitled to the same benefits as residents.","unconstitutional, because it is a form of discrimination against nonresidents.","constitutional, because the fee was a reasonable contribution toward the protection that the state government gave nonresidents.","unconstitutional, because it is a violation of the Equal Protection Clause.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the privileges and immunities clause under Article IV.","constitutional, because the state has the power to regulate its own resources.","constitutional, because the fee is a way to manage and protect the state's crawfish population.","constitutional, because it is a valid exercise of the state's police power."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1343,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The police officer did not intend to kill the man but acted recklessly by firing his weapon in a public area, which resulted in the man's death. This behavior fits the definition of reckless endangerment, which involves engaging in conduct that creates a substantial risk of serious physical injury or death to another person.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An off-duty police officer was standing on a street corner waiting for a bus. A man came up from behind and stole the police officer's wallet from his pants pocket. As the man was running away with the wallet, the police officer pulled out his service revolver. The police officer yelled at the man to stop and then fired several shots in the man's direction. The police officer did not aim directly at the man but shot at the pavement intending to frighten him. One of the bullets ricocheted off the sidewalk and struck the man, killing him. The police officer is guilty of","score":0,"choices":["murder.","negligent homicide.","reckless endangerment.","no crime, it was self-defense.","aggravated assault.","voluntary manslaughter.","justifiable homicide.","attempted robbery.","assault with a deadly weapon."],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1344,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Trespass to land is a tort that occurs when a person intentionally enters or causes something to enter another's property without permission. The key element is the intentional act of causing something to enter the property, not necessarily intending harm. In this case, the homeowner intentionally used the leaf blower, which resulted in debris entering the neighbor's property.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A homeowner buys a new leaf blower and is so impressed with its power that he gets carried away and blows large amounts of his work onto the next door neighbor's yard. In addition to leaves, he also blew large amounts of pest-infested plant debris onto the neighbor's property. The material has accumulated into large, unsightly piles and caused damage to the neighbor's healthy plants. He has to pay workers to haul the material away and he incurs expenses to replace infected perennials. The neighbor sues for the tort of trespass. The homeowner files a motion to dismiss because the neighbor cannot prove that homeowner acted with an intent to trespass or to do harm. Will the court grant the motion to dismiss?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the homeowner expected the wind to carry the debris away and did not think that it would accumulate on the neighbor's property.","No, because the homeowner's actions resulted in a direct invasion of the neighbor's property.","Yes, because the debris was not intentionally directed at the neighbor's property.","Yes, because the homeowner was not aware of the pest-infested debris.","No, because the neighbor was able to prove financial loss from the damage caused.","No, because trespass is based on an intentional act of entering the land or sending something onto the land, and the actor does not have to intend harm to be liable for the tort.","Yes, because the homeowner had no practical way of controlling where the material went and he acted without malice or ill will.","Yes, because the homeowner did not physically enter the neighbor's property.","No, because the infected debris constituted an abnormally dangerous condition and homeowner could be held strictly liable for the trespass.","No, because the act of blowing debris onto the neighbor's land constitutes a trespass regardless of intent."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1345,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Due process rights are typically associated with state action, not private institutions. However, if the university receives state support, it could be considered a state actor, thereby making due process protections applicable. This would be the most helpful fact for the student's argument.\nAnswer: I","question":"A student at a private university was receiving financial aid from the university based on a financial aid application he completed at the time of his enrollment. During finals at the end of the fall semester, the student was caught cheating. His chemistry professor saw him looking at a fellow student's exam paper and copying the answers to three multiple choice questions. The professor notified the honor committee, which immediately found an honor code violation and ordered that the student receive a failing grade in the course. In addition, in accordance with the rules of the university, the student's financial aid was terminated. The student filed a lawsuit seeking reinstatement of his financial aid. The student's only argument was that his due process rights were violated in that he did not receive a notice of, or a hearing on, the alleged honor code violation. Which of the following facts, if true, would be most helpful to the student?","score":1,"choices":["The university did not have a written policy on the termination of financial aid due to honor code violations.","The student was not provided with a copy of the honor code at the time of his enrollment.","The honor committee did not have any student representatives.","The university did not re-allocate the student's financial aid to another deserving student.","The honor committee sent the student a letter to advise him of the hearing date.","The professor who caught the student cheating did not provide any evidence to the honor committee.","The university did not provide any guidelines on what constitutes an honor code violation.","The university was in financial difficulties and could not meet its payroll expenses.","The university received support from the state."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1346,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The parol evidence rule generally prohibits the introduction of evidence of prior or contemporaneous oral agreements that would vary or contradict the terms of a written contract, assuming the written contract is intended to be a complete and final representation of the parties' agreement. In this case, the applicant is trying to introduce evidence of an oral promise made by the dean that contradicts the written terms of the contract regarding sick leave.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A law school advertised in various law journals for a legal ethics and jurisprudence professor. Although a number of lawyers applied for the position, one of the applicants submitted a particularly impressive resume. The dean of faculty for the law school immediately wrote to the applicant to offer him the position. In the letter, the dean offered to employ the applicant for the upcoming academic year, which started on August 15, at a salary of $75,000. The letter also listed the employment terms and conditions, one of which stated that professors are entitled to five paid sick days during the year. The dean included a detailed employment contract containing all these terms, for the applicant's signature. After the applicant received this letter, he replied by mail, requesting a salary of $85,000 and sick leave of 10 days. Upon receipt of the applicant's letter, the dean telephoned the applicant and told him that the law school followed the American Bar Association guidelines with respect to salary and sick leave for its professors. The applicant acquiesced on the salary question, but insisted that his sick leave be extended to 10 days. The dean replied, \"Let's not permit a minor issue to stand in the way of your coming to teach at our law school. In the event you require more than 5 sick days, I promise that the matter will be taken care of to your benefit. \" The applicant informed the dean that he would sign the contract and forward it to the dean, which he promptly did. The applicant began teaching at the law school on August 15. Three months later, the applicant was out sick for five days with laryngitis. The applicant did not miss another school day until Monday, March 8, when he fell ill with food poisoning. This illness kept him home for five additional sick days. The applicant returned to work on March 15. When the applicant received his salary check at the end of the week, his check did not include payment for the previous week (from March 8 to March 12). Accompanying the check was a statement that read:\"Salary payment for period from Monday, March 1 through Friday, March 19 with pro rata deduction to reflect five teaching days missed during said period. \"When the applicant received his check, he immediately confronted the dean and requested full payment for the week of March 8 through 12. The dean responded, \"I'm sorry, but there is absolutely nothing I can do about it. \"The applicant asserted a claim against the law school for breach of contract. The applicant offers to introduce evidence that during his telephone conversation with dean of faculty, the dean promised, if necessary, to provide him with additional sick days. The most accurate statement concerning the dean's oral promise would be that","score":1,"choices":["parol evidence is admissible to show that the parties assented to their written contract only as a partial integration of their complete contract.","parol evidence is admissible to prove the written contract was a mistake.","parol evidence is admissible to show the dean's personal guarantee of additional sick days.","parol evidence is admissible to show that the written contract was void due to lack of consideration.","parol evidence is inadmissible to prove any oral agreements made prior to the signing of the written contract.","parol evidence is admissible to show that the applicant misunderstood the terms of the contract.","parol evidence is admissible to prove the dean coerced the applicant into signing the contract.","parol evidence is admissible to show that the written contract is not enforceable, because of undue influence or fraud.","parol evidence is inadmissible to prove contemporaneous oral agreements that vary or contradict the terms of a written contract."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1347,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but the Supreme Court has allowed suspicionless drug testing in certain contexts, especially where public safety is concerned. In cases such as National Treasury Employees Union v. Von Raab (1989), the Court held that it is reasonable to conduct suspicionless drug testing of employees who are involved in drug interdiction or who carry firearms because these roles have a direct impact on public safety.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A federal employees union brought an action in federal court asking for an injunction preventing the U.S. Treasury Department from enforcing mandatory drug testing against its members who carried firearms or interdicted drugs in their official duties. When an employee in one of those categories sought a promotion, the government required him or her to undergo a program of providing urine specimens for analysis. The union claimed that these searches were in violation of the Fourth Amendment's right to privacy and to be free from unreasonable searches. The union lost the case in the lower federal court and in the Court of Appeals, but the United States Supreme Court agreed to hear it. What will the Supreme Court decide?","score":1,"choices":["It is reasonable to conduct suspicionless testing of employees who are involved in drug interdiction or the handling of firearms.","It is reasonable to conduct suspicionless testing of employees who handle firearms, but not those involved in drug interdiction.","It is reasonable to conduct suspicionless testing of employees, but not as a condition for promotion.","The drug testing policy is constitutional if it is applied to all employees, regardless of their duties.","It is reasonable for a government employer to conduct suspicionless searches under any circumstances.","The drug testing policy is unconstitutional because it is not applied to all federal employees.","It is unreasonable to conduct suspicionless testing of employees without prior court approval.","The drug testing policy is unconstitutional because the searches are made without probable cause or suspicion.","The drug testing policy is constitutional because it is a condition of employment.","The drug testing policy is unconstitutional in that it violates the employees' legitimate expectations of privacy."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1348,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on business law for help. In the absence of a specific agreement on profit sharing, general partnership laws typically default to equal sharing among partners regardless of their voting percentages, contributions, or roles. This is because the law assumes that all partners are equally responsible for the business.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Which statement best describes the profit sharing relationship of a general partnership where the partners have agreed only on voting percentage and the voting shares are unequal?","score":1,"choices":["Partners share in proportion to their experience and expertise.","Partners share in proportion to their contributions to the capital and assets of the partnership.","Partners share in proportion to their voting percentage.","Partners cannot share until they unanimously agree upon a distribution.","Partners share in proportion to their role in the partnership.","Partners share according to a predetermined ratio agreed upon at the start of the partnership.","Partners share in proportion to the time they spend working for the partnership.","Partners share is determined by a third-party arbitrator.","Partners share equally.","Partners share in proportion to their individual profits."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1349,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, proximate cause refers to a primary cause of an injury. It is an act from which an injury results as a natural, direct, uninterrupted consequence and without which the injury would not have occurred. The bartender's act of serving drinks to the accountant, despite his obvious intoxication, can be seen as a direct and primary factor leading to the accident.\nAnswer: E","question":"Late one night, an accountant walked into a bar and ordered a whiskey sour. The bartender served the drink, even though the accountant looked and acted as though he was already very intoxicated. The accountant soon had consumed five more cocktails, which the bartender served, despite the accountant's obviously and unmistakably drunken condition. After finishing his sixth drink in the bar, the accountant said good night to the bartender, staggered out of the bar, got into his car, and drove away. After weaving back and forth across the road for several blocks, the accountant crashed his car into a pedestrian who was walking on the sidewalk next to the road. The pedestrian suffered serious injuries to his back and legs. The bartender's act of serving drinks to the accountant would most likely be viewed as the","score":1,"choices":["nominal cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","intervening cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","contributing cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","remote cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","proximate cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","superseding cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","incidental cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","secondary cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","underlying cause of the pedestrian's injuries.","direct cause of the pedestrian's injuries."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1350,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment prohibits the government from making any law \"respecting an establishment of religion,\" which includes favoring one religion over another or supporting religious activities. Selling a public school building at a price below its fair market value specifically to a church could be seen as government support for that religious institution, thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A state law required vacant public school buildings to be sold at auction to the highest bidder. A church in a city located in the state wanted to acquire larger facilities for its school. The city's school board proposed a new state law that would authorize it to sell a vacant public school building, at a price below its fair market value, to the church for use as its school. If enacted, would this law be constitutional?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the law would be favoring one religious institution over others, thereby violating the First Amendment.","No, because the law would violate the separation of church and state as stipulated in the First Amendment.","No, because a statute specially authorizing the sale of the building without competitive bidding would violate the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","Yes, because the law would not primarily or substantially support the religious activities of the church.","No, because the law would infringe on the rights of other potential bidders who could offer a higher price for the building.","Yes, because the church's use of the building for educational purposes would not constitute an establishment of religion.","Yes, because the law would be a fair and equitable solution to a local problem.","No, because the transfer of the building to the church under these circumstances would constitute an establishment of religion prohibited by the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","Yes, because the law would be supporting education, not religion.","Yes, because surplus government property is not subject to the limitations imposed by the establishment clause as incorporated into the establishment clause as incorporated into the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1352,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The man's letter indicates his intention to no longer fulfill his contractual obligations, which can be interpreted as an anticipatory repudiation of the contract. This gives the swimming club the right to take legal action immediately rather than waiting for the next payment due date. The club can seek damages for breach of contract right away, and they have the right to bar the man from further use of the pool. The man is still legally obligated to pay unless he and the club come to a different agreement or he retracts his repudiation before legal action is taken.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man who was an avid swimmer moved to a new town and began looking for a facility with a swimming pool that he could use. He signed an agreement with the local swimming club to use their swimming pool four times per week. The agreement, which had a duration of one year, stated that the man could use the poo1 four times per week for $250 per month, due on the first day of each month. For three months, the man paid the $250 on the first and made use of the swimming pool. Toward the middle of the third month, the man was involved in an automobile accident. Shortly thereafter, the man sent the following letter to the swimming club:\"Please be advised that because of injuries sustained in an automobile accident, my physician has advised me not to engage in any strenuous activities. Since I will not be able to make use of the pool anymore, no further payments will be forthcoming. \"Which of the following does not accurately state the immediate legal effect of the man's letter?","score":1,"choices":["The swimming club must wait until the date of the next payment in order to sue the man for breach of contract.","The swimming club has the right to bar the man from any further use of the pooi.","The swimming club has the right to sue the man for the remaining balance of the contract immediately.","The man is legally obligated to continue paying for the full year, regardless of his ability to use the pool.","The man can be sued for the full amount of the contract if he does not retract his letter before the swimming club takes legal action.","The swimming club can only sue the man for breach of contract if he fails to pay the next scheduled payment.","The man may retract his repudiation if he does so before the swimming club initiates legal action against him.","The man's letter is considered a breach of contract, and the swimming club can seek damages immediately.","The man's letter serves as an immediate termination of the contract."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1353,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement is a non-possessory right to use and/or enter onto the real property of another without possessing it. The wedding planner obtained a written agreement from the neighbor, granting him a right-of-way over the neighbor's property. This is a clear example of an express easement, which is created by an explicit agreement between the parties involved.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A wedding planner owned a summer cottage on the lake. In order to facilitate the access to the cottage, which is located on a knoll above the lake, the wedding planner entered into an agreement with a neighbor, an adjoining land owner, whereby the neighbor, in writing, granted the wedding planner a right-of-way over a strip of land 30 feet in width and a quarter of a mile in length along the eastern margin of the neighbor's property. Without notif'ing the neighbor, the wedding planner proceeded with his plan to improve the roadbed by having the road asphalted in order to make it more accessible for motor vehicle traffic. Several years later, the neighbor started a sand business, which required him to do heavy hauling that subsequently destroyed the asphalted surface on the road. Ten years after the neighbor started his sand business, the wedding planner sold his lakefront property to an artist. Shortly after the artist took possession of the cottage and property, the neighbor erected wooden barriers across the roadway, thus obstructing the access to the artist's property. The interest that the wedding planner acquired in the access road may best be described as","score":1,"choices":["an easement by estoppel.","an easement of light and air.","a prescriptive easement.","an express easement.","a profit a prendre.","an easement by necessity.","an easement implied by prior use.","a license.","an easement of support.","an easement in gross."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1354,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Rule in Shelley's Case is a common law doctrine that merges the life estate and the remainder to the heirs into a fee simple estate in the grantee. In this case, the grantor conveyed the property to his son for life, with a remainder to his heirs. According to the Rule in Shelley's Case, this would result in the son having a fee simple absolute because the life estate and the remainder merge.\n\nTherefore, if the Rule in Shelley's Case is followed in this jurisdiction, the son would have a fee simple absolute and would be able to convey it to his friend. Thus, the son should succeed in his suit for specific performance of the real estate contract.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A grantor conveyed his property to his son \"for life, remainder after (the son's) death to his heirs. \" Two years later, the son entered into a real estate agreement for the sale of the property to his friend, whereby the son agreed to convey the premises to his friend in fee simple absolute. Prior to the settlement date, the friend contacted the son, telling him that he would not perform his part of the agreement because the son could not convey a fee simple. If the Rule in Shelley's Case is followed in this jurisdiction, the outcome of a suit by the son for specific performance of the real estate contract would result in","score":1,"choices":["the son's succeeding, because the son's conveyance of his life estate to the friend divested the contingent remainder of his heirs.","the son's not succeeding, because his heirs have to join in the transaction in order to convey marketable title.","the son's succeeding, because the son's life estate merged with the contingent remainder to his heirs, creating a fee simple.","the son's succeeding, because he had a fee simple to convey.","the son's not succeeding, because he could not convey marketable title.","the son's not succeeding, because the Rule in Shelley's Case invalidates the remainder to his heirs.","the son's not succeeding, as the friend was correct in asserting that the son could not convey a fee simple.","the son's succeeding, as the grantor's initial conveyance was implicitly in fee simple absolute.","the son's not succeeding, as the property was only granted to him for life."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1355,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The statement made by the defendant can be considered an admission by a party-opponent, which is an exception to the hearsay rule. Such statements are generally admissible because they are made by the opposing party in the case and can be used against them.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A defendant is on trial for bribing a government procurement officer by providing the officer with free vacation facilities. When the defendant was approached by an FBI investigator, the defendant stated that her invitation to the procurement officer to spend his vacation in the defendant's mountain cabin was a favor to a friend, unrelated to his government office. The defendant also said to the investigator that she would reveal some \"hot\" information on a large-scale fraud in exchange for the investigator's promise to \"stop worrying about a little vacation.\" a little vacation.\" Is the investigator's testimony about the defendant's offer to give information admissible?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the defendant's statement was made under duress.","No, because the defendant was not under oath at the time of the statement.","No, because the defendant made the offer in a negotiation for settlement of a criminal investigation.","Yes, as a statement of a party's agent or servant concerning a matter within the scope of the agency or employment.","Yes, because the statement was made voluntarily and without coercion.","No, because it is hearsay not within any exception.","Yes, as a statement of an opposing party.","Yes, as a matter observed and reported by the investigator pursuant to a duty imposed by law.","Yes, as a statement against penal interest.","No, because the investigator violated the defendant's right to counsel."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1356,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Photographs can be admitted as evidence if they are verified as accurate representations of the relevant facts. This verification can come from a witness who can testify that the photograph accurately depicts the scene it purports to show. The photograph itself does not need to provide conclusive evidence of a marriage; rather, it needs to be authenticated by someone who can confirm its accuracy.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man claims to have inherited property from a wealthy businessman. The man's birth certificate shows that he was born out of wedlock. The record of a proceeding for a support order shows that the businessman was adjudged to be father of the man. However, the man can establish his status as heir of the businessman only if he was legitimated by the marriage of his mother and the businessman subsequent to his birth. Thus, the man must prove that this marriage occurred. The man's attorney has not been able to discover any marriage license or certificate. However, the attorney does have a photograph that shows a couple dressed in wedding clothes. The scene is the front of a church. Bystanders are seen to be throwing rice at the couple and they seem to be responding by smiling and bowing down. The attorney was given the photograph by the man. He found it in his mother's effects following her death. The man believes that the bride in the picture is his mother. He cannot identify the groom. The attorney was informed by a former acquaintance of the businessman who has seen the snapshot that he thinks the groom is the businessman. If the attorney seeks to introduce the photograph as proof that the mother and the businessman were married, the trial judge should rule the photograph","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible as not the best evidence.","admissible, only if a witness verifies that it is a correct and accurate representation of the relevant facts.","inadmissible as non-verbal hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible, only if a former acquaintance of the businessman can identify the groom in the photograph.","inadmissible, as it does not provide conclusive evidence of a marriage.","admissible, only if the man can provide additional evidence supporting his claim that the woman in the picture is his mother.","admissible, only if the photographer is available to testify concerning the circumstances under which the photograph was taken.","admissible, only if the church where the photograph was taken confirms it was the venue for the mother and the businessman's wedding.","inadmissible, as the photograph could be misinterpreted or manipulated.","admissible, only if the man can positively identify the groom as the businessman."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1357,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The corrections officer's testimony about the defendant's hair color when he was first brought to jail is relevant to the case because it addresses a key identifying characteristic mentioned by the eyewitnesses. This testimony is not hearsay because it is based on the officer's direct observation. It is also not opinion testimony, as it is a factual statement about the defendant's appearance at a specific time. The testimony helps clarify the discrepancy between the eyewitnesses' description and the defendant's current appearance.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A large man with red hair robbed a liquor store. Thereafter, a defendant was arrested and charged with the armed robbery. At the defendant's trial, several eyewitnesses testified that they had seen a large redheaded man pull out a gun and rob the owner of the liquor store. The defendant appeared at trial with a shaven head. The prosecution calls a corrections officer to testify that the defendant had red hair when he was first brought to jail. The defendant's counsel objects. The trial judge should rule the correction officer's testimony","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the corrections officer was not present at the scene of the crime.","inadmissible, because it is irrelevant to the case.","inadmissible, because it is opinion testimony.","admissible as a character evidence.","admissible as a prior identification.","admissible, as it is a part of the arresting officer's routine report.","admissible, as it is a part of the chain of evidence in the case.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible, for the limited purpose of clarifying the discrepancy in the witnesses' testimony.","inadmissible, as it is prejudicial against the defendant."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1358,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects freedom of speech, including political speech. Any law that imposes a restriction on the content or subject matter of speech must be narrowly tailored to serve a compelling state interest. In this case, the law specifically targets political speech in barbershops without providing evidence of a compelling state interest that justifies such a restriction.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A state law prohibits any barbershop licensed by the state from displaying posters in support of any current candidate for public office or displaying or distributing any campaign literature in support of such a candidate. No other kinds of posters or literature are subject to this prohibition, nor are any other types of commercial establishments in the state subject to similar prohibitions. Is this law constitutional?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because it leaves political candidates free to communicate their campaign messages to voters by other means.","Yes, because it prevents potential bias towards a candidate in a professional establishment.","Yes, because the prohibition is limited to the display of campaign material and does not restrict other forms of political expression.","No, because it imposes a restriction on the content or subject matter of speech in the absence of any evidence that such a restriction is necessary to serve a compelling state interest.","Yes, because the law only applies to current candidates and not former or future ones.","Yes, because the operation of a licensed barbershop is a privilege and therefore is subject to any reasonable restriction imposed by the state."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1359,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. For a conspiracy charge, there must be an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of the conspiracy. The man, his brother, and the friend all agreed on the plan and took steps to procure the poison, which constitutes an overt act. Therefore, all three can be charged with conspiracy. However, for attempted murder, there must be a substantial step towards committing the crime. The man and his brother took the poison to a meeting with the neighbor, which constitutes a substantial step towards committing murder. The friend, however, did not take any substantial step beyond planning and advising.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man, his brother and his friend all discuss murdering the man's neighbor because the neighbor took some shots at the man's dog but he missed. They agree on a plan. They decided on strychnine poisoning, which the friend told them how to get and they went and got it. When they asked the friend to go forward in poisoning the victim, he refused, saying, \"I'm was only here for planning and advice, but I never intended to commit murder.\" The man and his brother took the poison to a meeting with the neighbor, but he wouldn't drink. They were caught and arrested. The statute requires an overt act for criminal conspiracy. Which of the following most accurately states the criminal responsibility of each of the three men?","score":1,"choices":["The man and his brother are guilty of conspiracy and attempted murder, and the friend is guilty of criminal conspiracy.","The man, his brother, and the friend are all guilty of conspiracy and attempted murder.","The man and his brother have committed criminal conspiracy and attempted murder.","The friend is guilty of conspiracy and attempted murder, but the man and his brother are not guilty.","The man and his brother are guilty of conspiracy and attempted murder, but the friend is guilty of nothing.","The friend is guilty of conspiracy, but not the man and his brother.","The man and his brother are guilty of conspiracy, while the friend is guilty of attempted murder.","The man and his brother are guilty of conspiracy but not attempted murder.","Only the man is guilty of conspiracy and attempted murder, while his brother and the friend are not guilty.","The man and his brother are guilty of attempted murder, but not conspiracy."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1360,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a tenancy by the entirety, neither spouse can unilaterally transfer their interest in the property without the consent of the other. This type of ownership is designed to protect the marital estate from being divided or encumbered by one spouse alone. Therefore, any attempt by one spouse to transfer their interest without the other's consent is generally invalid.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A wife and husband are married and own a dairy as tenants by the entirety. If the wife transfers her interest in the dairy by quitclaim deed to her aunt without the husband's knowledge, what interest, if any, does the aunt have?","score":1,"choices":["A temporary leasehold interest.","An undivided one-half interest with right of survivorship.","An undivided one-third interest with right of survivorship.","The right to inhabit the dairy.","An undivided one-half interest without right of survivorship.","A life estate in the dairy.","A legal claim to future profits from the dairy.","No interest.","A lien against the entire property.","Full ownership of the property."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1361,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation law for help. Defamation per se includes statements that are so inherently harmful that damages are presumed, such as false statements about a person's professional competence or false accusations of a serious crime or disease. In this case, falsely stating that the doctor has a venereal disease and is part of a study would likely be considered libel per se, as it directly harms his reputation in a way that damages are presumed without needing to prove special damages.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A newspaper printed an article stating that a local doctor was afflicted with a venereal disease and had volunteered for a program studying the various cures for the disease. The article was false, and was printed without adequate research. The doctor sued the newspaper company, claiming damages per se. The paper defended on the basis that this was a public interest article, that the paper was not reckless or malicious in its investigation and reporting, and that the doctor could not prove any special damages. Will the court adopt the defense reasoning and dismiss the case for failure to state a claim?","score":1,"choices":["No, this fits the requirements for slander per se and there is a valid claim of malice stated against the paper.","Yes, the newspaper's actions are protected by freedom of the press, and the doctor cannot prove malice.","No, this fits the requirements for libel per se, which is so inflammatory that the doctor does not have to prove special damages.","No, the newspaper's actions caused harm to the doctor's reputation, which is enough to sustain a claim, regardless of proven special damages.","Yes, the doctor is a professional figure in the community and he must accept the risk of false reporting, especially where he cannot prove any special damages.","No, the newspaper acted negligently in its reporting, which is enough to sustain a libel claim.","Yes, the newspaper is allowed to make mistakes as long as there is no malice, and the case must be dismissed as a matter of law.","Yes, the doctor is a public figure, and the newspaper had no intention of harming his reputation.","Yes, the newspaper's defense of public interest is valid, and the doctor cannot prove any special damages.","No, the doctor has a valid claim for defamation per se, and the newspaper's defense is invalid."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1362,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED) requires that the defendant's conduct be outrageous and extreme, that the defendant intended to cause emotional distress or acted with reckless disregard of the likelihood of causing emotional distress, and that the plaintiff actually suffered severe emotional distress as a result. While the coach's remarks were harsh, they may not rise to the level of \"outrageous and extreme\" required for IIED. Additionally, the football player's voluntary act of taking drugs complicates causation.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A football player was the star fulllack for the local college football team. After missing two practices, the football player was dropped from the team by the head football coach. Following his dismissal, the football player met with the coach and asked if he could rejoin the team. The coach said that the football player was despised by the other players and under no circumstances could he return to the team. As the football player was leaving the coach's office, feeling very dejected, the coach then said to him, \"Hope you decide to transfer, because everybody hates your guts around here. \"Later that same evening, the football player wrote a suicide note in which he stated, \"The coach is responsible for my despondency. If I can't play football, I don't want to live. \" After swallowing a bottle of Quaalude barbiturates, the football player fell unconscious in his dormitory room. Moments later, the football player's roommate entered the room and saw his limp body on the floor. The roommate read the suicide note and then attempted to administer aid. Failing to revive him, the roommate picked up the football player and carried him to the college's first aid center. The football player received prompt medical attention and soon recovered from his drug overdose. If the football player asserts a claim against the coach based on intentional infliction of emotional distress, the football player will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not prevail, because the coach had the right to express his opinion.","prevail, because the coach's remarks led directly to the football player's emotional distress and subsequent suicide attempt.","prevail, because the coach intended to cause him to suffer emotional distress.","not prevail, because the football player's drug overdose resulted from his own voluntary act.","prevail, because the coach's remarks constituted bullying behavior.","prevail, because the coach's remarks were intended to inflict emotional distress and resulted in the football player's suicide attempt.","not prevail, because the coach acted reasonably under the circumstances, since everyone on the team hated the football player.","prevail, because the coach's remark did, in fact, cause the football player to suffer emotional distress.","not prevail, because the coach's remarks do not meet the legal standard for intentional infliction of emotional distress.","not prevail, because the football player's overdose was an unforeseen consequence of the coach's remarks."],"correct":"D","answer":"I"}
{"number":1363,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted, and it is generally inadmissible unless it falls under an exception. One such exception is a statement of the declarant's then-existing state of mind, which includes intent, plan, motive, or mental feeling. The defendant's statement about his intention to return the car falls under this exception as it reflects his state of mind at that time.\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant is on trial for theft of a used car that he took for a test drive and did not return. He was arrested in the car two days later. In his defense, the defendant has testified that he had no intention of keeping the car but got caught up in marital problems and simply delayed returning it. The defendant calls a witness to testify that the defendant told him, during the two days, \"I'm going to return this car as soon as I work things out with my wife.\" Is the witness's testimony admissible?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, as it provides context to the defendant's actions.","Yes, as a prior consistent statement of the defendant.","No, because it is a statement that could potentially influence the jury.","Yes, as a statement of the defendant's future intentions.","No, because it is irrelevant to the case.","Yes, as a statement by the defendant of his then-existing state of mind.","No, because it is a self-serving statement by an accused.","Yes, as it is evidence of the defendant's character.","No, because it is a statement made after the event.","No, because it is hearsay not within any exception."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1364,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The original deed contains a restrictive covenant that binds \"all subsequent grantees, their heirs, and assigns,\" stipulating that any further subdivisions shall be restricted to minimum two-acre lots for single-family dwelling units only. This restriction was included in the special warranty deeds given to purchasers of homes in phase 1, making it enforceable against them. The fact that the surrounding area has been rezoned for commercial and industrial uses does not automatically nullify the private restrictive covenants unless there is a significant change in the character of the neighborhood that makes enforcement inequitable or impossible. However, the opening of a physician's office in a private home would likely be considered a commercial use, which is prohibited by the restriction.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"In 1998, a farmer, advancing in age, realizes that he is no longer able to farm his 1,000 acres and therefore decides to sell some of the farmland in parcels of 250 acres. The president of a development company is interested in purchasing three of the four parcels. The president buys the three parcels from the farmer and begins formulating plans for constructing single-family dwelling units on the land. The original deed between the farmer and the development company contains a provision expressly binding \"upon all subsequent grantees, their heirs, and assigns,\" stipulating that any further subdivisions by any such persons shall be restricted to minimum two-acre lots to be used for single- family dwelling units only. The development company immediately subdivided two of the parcels into lots of three, four, and five acres, and began construction of homes thereon. The original deed restrictions were enumerated within the special warranty deeds and were given to the purchasers of the homes in the new development, called phase 1. Two years later, the president sold the remaining parcel, which had not been included in the phase 1 subdivision plan, to a contractor. The contractor, in turn, drafted a subdivision plan for the last 250-acre parcel, dividing it into one-acre lots. The contractor then commenced construction of single-family dwelling units in the new development, to be known as phase 2. There was no mention of the restriction for two-acre minimum lots in the deeds to the purchasers of the new homes in phase 2. Meanwhile, after the farmer's death, his estate isrequired to sell the remaining 250-acre parcel of his farmland. The buyer is an investor, who proposes to construct a two-level shopping center and parking lot on the property. The area surrounding phase 1 and phase 2 was rezoned for commercial and industrial uses in 2010. The investor's shopping center has grown to include 150 stores. Now, one of the lot owners in phase 1 contracts to sell his property to two physicians who plan to start a suburban medical practice. In an action by the homeowners in phase 1 to prevent such commercial use by the physicians, the court will most likely hold that","score":1,"choices":["the restrictions are still enforceable, but only for the original buyers from the development company.","the restrictions are not enforceable because the investor was able to construct a shopping center on the remaining farmland.","the restrictions would no longer be enforceable, because the offering of personal services (i. e. , medical) would be a conforming use.","the restrictions could be enforceable if the court considers the medical practice as a commercial enterprise.","the restrictions would no longer be enforceable because the medical practice is considered a necessary service for the community.","the restrictions are not enforceable because the surrounding area has been rezoned for commercial and industrial uses.","the restrictions are still enforceable, thus preventing such commercial use.","the restrictions are not enforceable because they were not mentioned in the deeds to the buyers of phase 2 homes.","the restrictions would no longer be enforceable, because of the change in the character of the neighborhood.","the restrictions would no longer be enforceable, because the opening of a physician's office in a private home would not be construed as a commercial enterprise."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1365,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, an acceptance must be unequivocal and mirror the terms of the offer. Any modification or addition to the terms of the offer constitutes a counter-offer, not an acceptance. Jones' response included a request for installment payments, which modifies the original terms of Berg's offer. Therefore, it is considered a counter-offer and not an acceptance.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Berg offered to sell a parcel of land to Jones for $75,000 cash. The offer was in writing on March 1 and made by sending an e-mail to Jones' web site. Jones responded by mailing a letter on March 10 which stated \"I accept but would like to request that I can pay $25,000 in three equal installments over the next three years.\"Â Berg received the letter on March 15. A contract was","score":0,"choices":["Not formed because the addition of the three year request was, in effect, a rejection.","Formed on March 10.","Formed on March 1.","Not formed because Jones' response was a counter-offer.","Not formed because the installment request constitutes a new offer.","Formed on March 15, but not binding due to the installment request.","Not formed because Jones' addition of the three year payment request was a condition that Berg had to agree should be included.","Formed on Match 15.","Formed but invalid because the offer was made via e-mail.","Not formed because Jones' response was not immediate."],"correct":"H","answer":"D"}
{"number":1366,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment requires that no state shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction \"the equal protection of the laws.\" Wealth is not considered a suspect or quasi-suspect class, so the rule would be subject to rational basis review rather than strict scrutiny. However, even under rational basis review, the rule must have a legitimate government interest and be rationally related to achieving that interest. Arbitrarily firing employees based on their net worth without a clear, rational connection to the department's purpose could be seen as violating equal protection principles.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"The Farstate Department of Wealth Equality is a state agency dedicated to taking from the rich to give to the poor. The head of the department has promulgated the following hiring rule: \"Because the rich are the source of all problems of society and cannot understand the plight of the poor, anyone who has a net worth over $10,000.00 is ineligible for employment with this department.\" Immediately, 25 employees in the department are fired due to their net worth above the designated level. They sue the state. Which of the following is the correct analysis and conclusion?","score":0,"choices":["The action is not deemed done by a state actor because wealth redistribution is not an essential government function.","The action is unconstitutional because it violates the employees' right to equal protection.","The rule is not discriminatory because it applies to all employees, regardless of their wealth.","The action is constitutional because the rule is rationally related to the department's purpose.","Wealth is a quasi-suspect class, so the rule must promulgate an important governmental purpose. Eliminating poverty is important, so the rule meets this level of scrutiny.","The employees would likely prevail because the rule is not narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling governmental interest.","The action is arbitrary and capricious, so it is unconstitutional under the strict scrutiny standard.","The rule is valid because the department has a legitimate interest in ensuring its employees understand the plight of the poor.","The employees would not likely prevail because they were not deprived of a protected liberty interest.","The right to public employment is a protected property interest and the employees would likely prevail because of lack of procedural due process."],"correct":"J","answer":"B"}
{"number":1367,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An offer must be clear, definite, and communicated to the offeree. The landlord's letter manifested a willingness to enter into a specific bargain that could be concluded by the tenant's assent, which makes it an effective offer. The tenant had 20 days to accept the offer, and the acceptance was within this period. The landlord's change of mind does not invalidate the offer once it has been made and is still within the acceptance period.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A landlord rented an apartment to a tenant for $250 per month in accordance with a month-to-month agreement. On September 3, the landlord mailed the following letter to the tenant:\"September 2 In consideration of one dollar, receipt of which is acknowledged, I hereby give you an option for 20 days from the above date to sign a two-year lease at $225 per month, provided you pay two months' rent in advance. \"The tenant received the letter on September 4, but did not read it until September 5. On September 23, the tenant telephoned the landlord and said, \"I want to give you the $450 and sign the two-year lease as soon as possible. \" The landlord replied, \"I've change my mind. I do not want to sign a lease with you. Moreover, I want you to vacate the apartment immediately. \" At no time after receiving the landlord's letter on September 4 did the tenant pay him the one-dollar consideration. Did the landlord's letter constitute an effective offer for a two-year lease?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the landlord can retract the offer at any time before the tenant accepts.","No, unless the tenant paid or tendered to the landlord the one-dollar consideration.","Yes, because it manifested a willingness to enter into a specific bargain that could be concluded by the tenant's assent.","No, because the tenant did not immediately respond to the letter.","Yes, because the landlord cannot change their mind once an offer is made.","Yes, because consideration for the option can be infeffed from the previous month-to-month lease.","No, because the tenant did not pay the two months' rent in advance.","Yes, because the tenant expressed the intent to sign the lease within the specified timeframe.","No, because it contained a condition precedent to execution of the proposed lease.","Yes, because the tenant has the right to accept the offer within the 20 days, regardless of the landlord's change of mind."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1368,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment provides protection against self-incrimination, which means a defendant cannot be compelled to provide testimonial evidence against themselves. However, when a defendant takes the stand, they can be cross-examined and asked questions that are relevant to their testimony and credibility. The request to roll up sleeves to show needle marks could be seen as physical evidence rather than testimonial evidence, and thus not directly protected by the privilege against self-incrimination. However, it could still be objectionable if it is deemed overly prejudicial compared to its probative value.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant was arrested at an airport when the small suitcase he was carrying was found to contain heroin. The defendant, who did not challenge the legality of the airport search, was subsequently prosecuted for possession of heroin. At trial, the defendant testified on his own behalf and said that the suitcase belonged to his girlfriend who was accompanying the defendant when he was arrested. The girlfriend died in a skydiving accident two weeks before the defendant's trial. Moreover, the defendant testified that although he was a former heroin addict, he had not used any heroin in the past three years. On cross-examination, the prosecuting attorney asked the defendant to roll up the sleeves of his shirt and exhibit his arms to see if there were any needle marks. This request is","score":0,"choices":["permissible, because the defendant's past addiction could provide context for the possession charge.","permissible, because the defendant's physical condition is a matter of public record.","objectionable, because it is an invasion of the defendant's personal privacy.","objectionable, because the defendant has a privilege against self-incrimination.","objectionable, because the defendant's past addiction is protected health information.","objectionable, because the defendant's past addiction is not relevant to the current charges.","permissible, because such evidence is relevant to the defendant's credibility.","permissible, because the defendant waived his privilege against self-incrimination by taking the stand.","objectionable, because the probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.","permissible, because the defendant's past addiction could imply a motivation for possession."],"correct":"G","answer":"I"}
{"number":1369,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on adverse possession for help. Adverse possession laws allow someone to claim ownership of land if they have occupied it continuously and openly for a certain period, typically without the owner's permission. In this case, the man has been in possession for 12 years before the woman's death and an additional 9 years after her death, totaling 21 years. The statutory period is 20 years, so the man has met the requirement for adverse possession.\n\nHowever, there is a complication due to the son's minority status. Generally, statutes of limitations are tolled (paused) during the minority of an heir. The son was six at his mother's death and would reach majority at 18. Thus, he would have until he turns 18 plus the statutory period (20 years) to challenge the adverse possession.\n\nGiven these facts, the correct answer should reflect that the man's adverse possession claim is valid because he has already met the statutory period.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A woman was the fee simple owner of a 20-acre tract of land. When the woman moved to another state, a man took possession of the tract. The man's possession has at all times complied with the requirements of the applicable adverse possession statute in effect. Twelve years after the man took possession, the woman died intestate, leaving her six-year-old son as her only surviving heir. Nine years after the woman's death, when the son was 15, the son's guardian discovered that the man was in possession of the tract. Assume that the statutory period of adverse possession is 20 years and the age of majority is 18. Which of the following correctly describes the state of title to the tract?","score":1,"choices":["The man will not acquire title unless he continues in adverse possession for an additional seven years, or until the son reaches the age of 25.","The man will not acquire title unless he continues in adverse possession for an additional three years, or until the son reaches the age of 18.","The man has acquired title by adverse possession.","The man will acquire title by adverse possession only if the son does not claim the land before he turns 18.","The man has not acquired title by adverse possession because the woman was not aware of his possession at the time of her death.","The man has not acquired title by adverse possession because the son was a minor at the time of the woman's death.","The man will not acquire title unless he continues in adverse possession for an additional eight years, making a total of 12 years after the woman's death.","The man will not acquire title unless he continues in adverse possession for an additional 12years, or nine years after the son attains the ageof 18.","The man will acquire title by adverse possession only if he continues in possession for a total of 30 years."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1370,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The written distribution agreement explicitly states that any order placed by the retailer would be binding on the distributor \"only when expressly accepted by the distributor.\" This clause gives the distributor the right to accept or reject orders at its discretion. However, the consistent past behavior of always filling orders could establish a course of dealing that might modify the terms of the written agreement under certain circumstances. Nevertheless, the explicit terms of the contract are likely to take precedence over implied terms from past conduct.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A national distributor of windows selected a retailer to sell its windows in a specified geographic area. The parties negotiated a written distribution agreement, which stated that any order for windows placed by the retailer would be binding on the distributor \"only when expressly accepted by the distributor.\" For the next two years, the retailer forwarded orders to the distributor, and the distributor always filled the orders. In the third year, the distributor accused the retailer of overcharging customers to install the distributor's windows. The retailer responded that the distributor had no control over the retailer's installation prices. When the distributor received the retailer's next order for windows, it refused to fill the order. If the retailer sues the distributor for breach of contract, will it be likely to prevail?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the parties' course of dealing binds the distributor to fill the retailer's order.","No, because the agreement gave the distributor the right to expressly accept or reject orders.","Yes, because the distributor has always filled the orders in the past, creating an expectation of continued performance.","No, because the retailer's practice of overcharging customers excused the distributor's refusal to fill the order.","Yes, because the distributor cannot arbitrarily decide not to fill the retailer's orders.","Yes, because the distributor's claim regarding overcharging customers is independent of its obligation to fill the retailer's order.","No, because the retailer's forwarding of orders to the distributor did not give rise to an obligation on the distributor's part to fill the orders.","No, because the distributor has the right to refuse orders at any time according to the agreement.","No, because the distributor has the right to reject orders based on the retailer's pricing practices.","Yes, because the distributor did not expressly reject the retailer's orders."],"correct":"G","answer":"B"}
{"number":1371,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, the pre-existing duty rule states that if a party is already legally obligated to perform a duty, that duty cannot constitute consideration for a new contract. The detective was already employed by the insurance company to investigate the theft, so he was performing his existing job duties when he recovered the painting. Therefore, the woman's promise to pay an additional $50,000 lacks consideration because the detective did not provide any new or additional service beyond his existing obligations.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A woman owned an extensive art collection that she displayed in a special room of her home. While the woman was away on a vacation, there was a burglary at her home, and her favorite painting was stolen. Although the painting was insured for $1,000,000 by an insurance company, it had a market value of over $1,500,000. When the woman returned from vacation, she met with a detective employed by the insurance company to investigate the theft. During their meeting, the woman told the detective that she would pay him an extra $50,000 if he recovered the paihting. For the next three weeks, the detective investigated the theft as part of his job responsibilities with the insurance company. Within the course of this investigation, the detective learned who was responsible for the burglary. As a consequence, the culprit was apprehended, and the painting was recovered and returned to the woman. The detective then requested the $50,000 that the woman had promised to pay him. After the woman refused to make the payment, the detective sued the woman for breach of contract. Who is most likely to prevail?","score":0,"choices":["The detective, because the market value of the painting exceeded its insured value, so there was sufficient consideration to support the woman's promise.","The woman, because her promise was gratuitous.","The woman, because the detective was already paid by the insurance company for his investigative services.","The detective, because he went above and beyond his job duties to recover the painting.","The woman, because she did not put the promise of extra payment in writing.","The woman, because the insurance company owed her a pre-existing duty to find the painting.","The detective, because the woman's promise was a valid verbal contract.","The detective, because he did the act necessary to constitute an acceptance of the woman's offer.","The detective, because the woman's promise constituted a binding contract.","The woman, because the detective was performing his job, for which he was already compensated."],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":1372,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Difference feminism emphasizes that there are fundamental differences between men and women, not just in physical attributes but also in their perspectives, experiences, and approaches to various issues. This school of thought argues that these differences should be recognized and valued rather than minimized or ignored.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"Which of the following quotations best describes the central thesis of difference feminism?","score":1,"choices":["'Difference feminism argues that men and women are fundamentally the same.'","Men are unable to comprehend their differences from women.'","'Men and women differ only in physical attributes, not in their thought processes.'","'Men are more inclined towards justice, while women tend to focus on fairness.'","There are fundamental differences between individual women.'","'Women are more focused on equality, while men prioritize freedom.'","'Feminism is about eradicating differences between men and women.'","Men and women have different conceptions of the feminist project.'","'Women and men have identical perspectives on justice.'","Women look to context, whereas men appeal to neutral, abstract notions of justice.'"],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1373,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on feminism for help. Difference feminism emphasizes that men and women have different perspectives, experiences, and approaches, particularly in areas such as justice and fairness. It argues that these differences should be recognized and valued rather than minimized or ignored.\nAnswer: J","question":"Which of the following quotations best describes the central thesis of difference feminism?","score":1,"choices":["'Difference feminism argues that men and women are fundamentally the same.'","Men are unable to comprehend their differences from women.'","'Men and women differ only in physical attributes, not in their thought processes.'","'Men are more inclined towards justice, while women tend to focus on fairness.'","There are fundamental differences between individual women.'","'Women are more focused on equality, while men prioritize freedom.'","'Feminism is about eradicating differences between men and women.'","Men and women have different conceptions of the feminist project.'","'Women and men have identical perspectives on justice.'","Women look to context, whereas men appeal to neutral, abstract notions of justice.'"],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1374,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A contract involving illegal activities, such as the sale of heroin, is not enforceable by law and is considered void from the beginning because it lacks legality. Therefore, the correct term to describe this contract is a \"void contract.\"\nAnswer: G","question":"Tom and Jerry entered into a contract whereby Tom agreed to sell Jerry $1,000 worth of heroin, an illegal substance. This is an example of a:","score":1,"choices":["quasi contract","unilateral contract","secondary party beneficiary contract","express contract","bilateral contract","implied contract","void contract","voidable contract","unconscionable contract","contract of adhesion"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1375,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The statement that law consists of a set of principles or body of rules recognized and applied by the State in the administration of justice is attributed to John Salmond, a legal theorist known for his work on the nature of law and legal systems.\nAnswer: G","question":"â€˜Law consists of set of principles or body of rules recognized and applied by the State in the administration of justiceâ€™. The statement is made by :","score":1,"choices":["Blackstone","Bentham","Gray","Austin","Kelsen","Dworkin","Salmond","H.L.A. Hart","Roscoe Pound","Holland"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1376,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on maritime law for help. According to international maritime law, the flag State (the country whose flag the vessel is flying) generally exercises jurisdiction over crimes committed on board vessels. This principle is established under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS).\nAnswer: I","question":"Which State ordinarily exercises jurisdiction in respect of crimes committed on board vessels?","score":1,"choices":["All States enjoy such jurisdiction","The neighboring State","The International Maritime Organization","The port State","The United Nations","The State of the vessel's destination","The State of the vessel's origin","The coastal State","The flag State","The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea"],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1377,"response":"Explanation: The Kadi judgment by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) is significant in the context of the relationship between international law and EU law. The case involved the incorporation of UN Security Council (UNSC) resolutions into EU law, particularly those involving sanctions against individuals suspected of terrorism. The ECJ held that while the EU respects international law, including UNSC resolutions, these must be compatible with fundamental human rights as protected by EU law. This introduced a dimension where UNSC resolutions must be construed in accordance with human rights standards within the EU legal framework.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"What dimension did the Kadi judgment introduce with respect to the incorporation of UN Security Council resolutions?","score":1,"choices":["The Kadi judgment demanded that UNSC resolutions are construed in accordance with human rights","The Kadi judgment demanded that all UNSC resolutions be incorporated without any further implementing legislation","The Kadi judgment required that important UNSC resolutions be transformed and not merely incorporated","The Kadi judgment claimed that UNSC resolutions are not binding if they violate human rights"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1380,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Collective security is a system in which states work together to ensure the security of each member against aggression. It involves mutual defense agreements where an attack on one member is considered an attack on all, prompting a collective response. This concept is often associated with organizations like the United Nations, which aims to maintain international peace and security through collective measures.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"What is the meaning of collective security?","score":0,"choices":["The establishment of a mutual defense pact among several nations","The right of a nation to defend itself without outside intervention","The authorisation of armed force by the UN Security Council","The authorisation of humanitarian missions by the UN Security Council","The right of one's allies to defend the victim State","The authorisation of sanctions by the UN Security Council","The right to self-defence by more than one nation acting in concert","The right of a nation to invade another for its own security","The authorisation of peacekeeping missions by the UN General Assembly","The creation of a global police force by the UN"],"correct":"C","answer":"A"}
{"number":1381,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on maritime law for help. In the law and practice of maritime delimitation, achieving an equitable result is a key principle. This process generally involves initially drawing a provisional equidistance line between the relevant coastal states and then adjusting this line in light of relevant circumstances to ensure that the result is equitable. This approach is consistent with international jurisprudence and practices.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"What is the 'equitable result' in the law and practice of maritime delimitation?","score":1,"choices":["It is the only method of delimitation that international courts and tribunals follow","An equitable result is what a judge or the arbitrator would decide ex aequo et bono, i.e. upon their discretion and in light of what they consider as fair and equitable in a delimitation case","It is the end result that all delimitations of areas of continental shelf and EEZ should achieve, after, however, drawing a provisional 'equidistance line' and adjusting the zone in the light of the relevant circumstances and the proportionality test.","Achieving an equitable result is an old method of delimitation which is currently not applicable"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1382,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The principle of abuse of process in English law can lead to a stay of proceedings if the court finds that the manner in which the defendant was brought before the court is so egregious that it undermines the integrity of the judicial process. Extra-territorial abduction, being a serious violation, can be considered an abuse of process.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Is extra-territorial abduction a ground for refusal of otherwise lawful jurisdiction by English courts?","score":1,"choices":["Such abduction constitutes abuse of process and leads to a stay of proceedings","Such abduction gives rise to the abductor's liability but does not lead to a stay of proceedings","The stay of proceedings under such circumstances would prevent the administration of justice in respect of international criminals","The courts may, but will seldom, stay proceedings in cases of extra-territorial abduction"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1383,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Extra-territorial abduction, or the act of forcibly bringing someone within the jurisdiction of English courts from another country, is generally considered an abuse of process. This can lead to a stay of proceedings as it undermines the integrity of the judicial process and violates principles of international law and human rights.\nAnswer: H","question":"Is extra-territorial abduction a ground for refusal of otherwise lawful jurisdiction by English courts?","score":1,"choices":["Such abduction is encouraged to expedite the course of justice","Extra-territorial abduction has no influence on the proceedings of English courts","The stay of proceedings under such circumstances would prevent the administration of justice in respect of international criminals","Such abduction results in immediate dismissal of the case","The jurisdiction of English courts is nullified in cases of extra-territorial abduction","Such abduction gives rise to the abductor's liability but does not lead to a stay of proceedings","English courts will always refuse jurisdiction in cases of extra-territorial abduction","Such abduction constitutes abuse of process and leads to a stay of proceedings","The court proceedings are automatically stayed if the abductee is a non-UK citizen"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1384,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on legal privileges for help. The attorney-client privilege protects confidential communications between a client and their attorney made for the purpose of obtaining legal advice. However, this privilege does not extend to accountants unless the accountant is acting as an agent of the attorney in a way that makes their work part of the legal advice. In this case, since the accountant was hired on the attorney's suggestion and prepared a financial statement used at trial, the communication may not be protected under attorney-client privilege. The work-product doctrine protects materials prepared in anticipation of litigation, but it generally does not extend to facts or statements made by third parties like accountants.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A taxpayer was notified by the government that her individual income tax was underpaid by $1,012. 69. The taxpayer retained an attorney to represent her in contesting the assessment. During the preparation of his client's case, the attorney suggested that it might be a good idea if the taxpayer hired an accountant to organize her records and prepare a financial statement for the year in question. Following the attorney's advice, the taxpayer consulted an accountant, an old family friend, who prepared a financial statement, which the attorney referred to at trial. During the trial, the attorney representing the government called the accountant to testif' about statements that the taxpayer made to him. The accountant's proposed testimony is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible as violative of the work-product rule.","inadmissible, because it would be hearsay evidence.","inadmissible, because it would violate the taxpayer's privilege against self-incrimination.","inadmissible, because it would violate the taxpayer's right to privacy.","admissible, because it was used in the preparation of the case.","inadmissible, because it would violate the attorney-client privilege.","admissible as an admission.","inadmissible, because it would violate the accountant-client privilege."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1385,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. First-degree murder requires an intentional killing with malice aforethought. The best defense would be one that negates the element of intent or malice aforethought. \n\n- Option A (The gun discharged accidentally) could negate intent, but it doesn't align with the fact pattern where the defendant fired at the friend.\n- Option B (The killing was the result of negligence in missing the friend) does not negate intent to kill someone.\n- Option C (He was under the influence of alcohol at the time) might reduce culpability but doesn't negate intent.\n- Option D (The bullet was deflected and did not hit the intended target) still involves intent to kill someone.\n- Option E (He was acting out of anger and not with a deliberate intention) does not negate malice aforethought.\n- Option F (He did not intend to kill anyone, only to scare the friend) could potentially negate intent, but firing a gun at someone generally implies intent to cause serious harm or death.\n- Option G (He intended only to wound the friend) could be a strong defense as it negates the specific intent to kill.\n- Option H (He was unaware of the elements of malice) is irrelevant as ignorance of the law is not a defense.\n\nGiven these considerations, the best defense would be that he intended only to wound the friend, which negates the specific intent required for first-degree murder.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A defendant was angry at his friend for marrying the defendant's former girlfriend. As the friend was painting his house one afternoon, the defendant fired a shot from his gun at him. Although the shot missed the friend, the bullet struck and killed the friend's daughter. The defendant is subsequently charged with the first-degree murder of the daughter. The relevant statutes in effect in this jurisdiction are as follows:Section 169: Murder in the first degree is the unlawful and intentional killing of a human being with malice aforethought. Section 170: Malice is expressed when there is manifested a deliberate intention to take away the life of another. Which of the following, if established, would provide the defendant with his best defense?","score":1,"choices":["The gun discharged accidentally.","The killing was the result of negligence in missing the friend.","He was under the influence of alcohol at the time.","The bullet was deflected and did not hit the intended target.","He was acting out of anger and not with a deliberate intention.","He did not intend to kill anyone, only to scare the friend.","He intended only to wound the friend.","He was unaware of the elements of malice."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1386,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. First-degree murder requires an unlawful and intentional killing with malice aforethought. The key elements are intent and malice. The defendant's best defense would be to negate the element of deliberate intention to kill, as required by the statute.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant was angry at his friend for marrying the defendant's former girlfriend. As the friend was painting his house one afternoon, the defendant fired a shot from his gun at him. Although the shot missed the friend, the bullet struck and killed the friend's daughter. The defendant is subsequently charged with the first-degree murder of the daughter. The relevant statutes in effect in this jurisdiction are as follows:Section 169: Murder in the first degree is the unlawful and intentional killing of a human being with malice aforethought. Section 170: Malice is expressed when there is manifested a deliberate intention to take away the life of another. Which of the following, if established, would provide the defendant with his best defense?","score":0,"choices":["The gun discharged accidentally.","The killing was the result of negligence in missing the friend.","He was under the influence of alcohol at the time.","The bullet was deflected and did not hit the intended target.","He was acting out of anger and not with a deliberate intention.","He did not intend to kill anyone, only to scare the friend.","He intended to kill the friend and not the daughter.","He did not know the daughter was present.","He intended only to wound the friend.","He was unaware of the elements of malice."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1387,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 24(a) allows intervention of right when the applicant claims an interest relating to the property or transaction that is the subject of the action, and is so situated that disposing of the action may as a practical matter impair or impede the movant's ability to protect its interest, unless existing parties adequately represent that interest. The employer's claim shares common questions of law and fact with the clerk's action, as both claims arise from the same incident (the slip and fall on ice near the loading dock). Thus, the court is likely to grant the employer's motion to intervene.\nAnswer: G","question":"A mail clerk domiciled in State A slipped and fell on ice that had formed near the loading dock of the building in State B where the clerk's State B employer leased space for its headquarters. The building was owned and operated by a State C corporation. As a result of the fall, the clerk was injured and the employer's expensive computer he was carrying was badly damaged. The clerk sued the building owner for negligence in a federal district court in State B, seeking $100,000 in personal-injury damages. The employer has filed a timely motion to intervene, asserting an $80,000 negligence claim against the building owner for the damage to its computer. Is the court likely to grant the employer's motion to intervene?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the employer cannot intervene in a personal injury case.","No, because the employer's claim is not directly related to the clerk's personal injury claim.","Yes, because the employer also has a direct negligence claim against the building owner.","No, because although the employer has an interest in the clerk's action, that interest is not likely to be impaired in the employer's absence.","No, because the employer's claim exceeds the amount the clerk is seeking in damages.","Yes, because the employer is an indispensable party.","Yes, because the employer's claim shares common questions of law and fact with the clerk's action.","No, because the clerk chose not to join the employer as a co-plaintiff in his action."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1388,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on civil procedure for help. Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 24 allows intervention if the applicant claims an interest relating to the property or transaction that is the subject of the action, and is so situated that disposing of the action may impair or impede their ability to protect that interest. The employer's claim arises from the same incident (the slip and fall) and shares common questions of law and fact with the clerk's action.\nAnswer: I","question":"A mail clerk domiciled in State A slipped and fell on ice that had formed near the loading dock of the building in State B where the clerk's State B employer leased space for its headquarters. The building was owned and operated by a State C corporation. As a result of the fall, the clerk was injured and the employer's expensive computer he was carrying was badly damaged. The clerk sued the building owner for negligence in a federal district court in State B, seeking $100,000 in personal-injury damages. The employer has filed a timely motion to intervene, asserting an $80,000 negligence claim against the building owner for the damage to its computer. Is the court likely to grant the employer's motion to intervene?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the employer cannot intervene in a personal injury case.","No, because the employer's claim is not directly related to the clerk's personal injury claim.","Yes, because the employer also has a direct negligence claim against the building owner.","No, because although the employer has an interest in the clerk's action, that interest is not likely to be impaired in the employer's absence.","Yes, because the employer has a financial interest in the outcome of the clerk's case.","No, because the employer's claim exceeds the amount the clerk is seeking in damages.","Yes, because the employer is an indispensable party.","Yes, because the employer's claim and the clerk's claim arose from the same incident.","Yes, because the employer's claim shares common questions of law and fact with the clerk's action.","No, because the clerk chose not to join the employer as a co-plaintiff in his action."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1389,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the defendant's confession was obtained in a manner that violates his constitutional rights. The Sixth Amendment right to counsel attaches after formal charges have been filed, and any deliberate elicitation of incriminating statements by government agents without the presence of counsel can violate this right. However, in this case, the defendant had not been formally charged with the murder of his stepdaughter at the time of the confession.\n\nThe Fifth Amendment protects against self-incrimination and requires Miranda warnings to be given before custodial interrogation. However, Miranda warnings are required only when there is direct questioning or its functional equivalent by law enforcement officers. Here, the informant was acting as an agent of the government in a deceptive manner, which could be seen as coercive under certain circumstances.\n\nGiven that the informant used the threat of physical violence to elicit a confession from the defendant, this could be considered coercive and thus render the confession involuntary.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant was convicted of assault of a federal officer and imprisoned in a federal penitentiary. While in prison, federal authorities began investigating the murder of the defendant's 11-year- old stepdaughter who was murdered two years earlier. Believing that the defendant was responsible for this killing, federal agents decided to plant an informant at the prison to befriend the defendant and possibly obtain evidence about the crime. In accord with this plan, the federal agents hired a paid informant and placed him in the prison as a fellow inmate, masquerading as an organized crime figure. The informant soon befriended the defendant and learned that he was being threatened by other inmates because of a rumor that he had killed a child. The informant then raised the subject in several conversations, but the defendant repeatedly denied any such involvement. After the defendant started receiving tough treatment from other inmates because of the rumor, the informant offered to protect the defendant but told him, \"You have to tell me the truth about what really happened you know, if you want me to help you. \" Believing that the informant would protect him from the other inmates, the defendant then admitted to the informant that he had driven his stepdaughter to the desert where he killed her. Based upon this confession, the defendant was then indicted for the first-degree murder of his stepdaughter. Prior to trial, the defendant moves to suppress the statement given to the informant. Should the defendant's motion be granted?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the informant was acting as an agent of the government in a deceptive manner.","No, because under the totality of circumstances, the informant's conduct was not inherently coercive.","Yes, because the informant was a false friend, and the defendant was tricked into making the confession.","No, because the confession was made to a fellow inmate, not to a law enforcement official.","Yes, because the defendant was not read his Miranda rights before confessing to the informant.","Yes, because the confession was coerced by the threat of physical violence, absent protection from the informant that motivated the defendant to confess.","No, because the defendant was not under direct questioning by law enforcement at the time of the confession.","No, because the confession was voluntary.","No, because the defendant was already convicted of a crime and thus lost his right to avoid self-incrimination.","No, because the defendant's safety in prison was not the responsibility of the informant."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1390,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The tenant's suit is based on the written agreement that promised two-thirds of any sale proceeds in excess of $250,000. The property was sold for $256,000, which exceeds $250,000. However, the tenant made negative comments to prospective buyers, which could be seen as hindering the sale process. This behavior can be interpreted as a breach of an implied promise to cooperate or at least not to hinder the sale.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The owner of a large unimproved tract of land leased it to a tenant for five years at a monthly rental of $1,500. The rental agreement provided that the land was to be used as farmland. Shortly after the tenant took possession of the tract of land, he built thereon, at his own expense, a barn made of lumber, which was 15 feet wide, 20 feet long, and set on loose bricks. The barn increased the appraised market value of the tract of land from $250,000 to $275,000. The tenant then began farming operations on the land. Toward the end of the lease period, the owner informed the tenant that he was going to put the tract of land up for sale. The next month, when the lease expired, the parties settled a dispute over the tenant's right, if any, to compensation for the improvements by the following written agreement:\"On the sale of the tract of land, the owner hereby agrees to pay the tenant two-thirds of any sale proceeds in excess of $250,000, provided that tenant may remain on the farm for the next year, rent-free, while the owner tries to sell it. After that time, the tenant may remain on the land until closing of the sale, at a monthly rental of $1,000. \"The owner initially set the asking price at $300,000. After receiving scant interest, the owner decided to reduce the price to $260,000. This price reduction so infuriated the tenant that he thereafter made negative comments about the farm to all of the prospective buyers. Finally, 14 months after the agreement between the owner and the tenant was executed, and after rejecting offers for $240,000 and $250,000, the owner sold the tract of land for $256,000 to a buyer who visited the land while the tenant was away on vacation. Thereupon, the tenant, who had failed to pay the last two months rent as per the agreement, moved out. After closing, the owner refused to pay the tenant any of the sale proceeds, and the tenant brought suit to recover damages for breach of contract. Which of the following is the owner's most persuasive argument in defense of the tenant's suit?","score":1,"choices":["The tenant committed an uncured material breach of an implied promise to cooperate in the owner's efforts to sell the property, or at least not to hinder the proposed sale.","The owner's decision to reduce the asking price without consulting the tenant was a breach of their agreement.","The agreement between the owner and the tenant was voidable because it was a restraint on alienation, since it conditioned a promise to pay for a conveyance of land upon an otherwise invalid leasehold contract.","The tenant failed to maintain the property in a presentable state for potential buyers, thereby breaching his responsibilities under the agreement.","The tenant's failure to pay any rent for the last two months was a material breach of contract that discharged the owner's remaining duties of performance.","The owner had no legal obligation to share the proceeds of the sale as the tenant had continued to live on the property rent-free for a year.","The owner's agreement to pay the tenant was conditional upon the sale price exceeding $250,000, which it did not.","The tenant's decision to farm the land was against the rental agreement and hence, a violation of the contract.","The tenant's construction of the barn without the owner's explicit permission was a breach of the lease agreement."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1391,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The most persuasive argument would be one that directly addresses the tenant's actions that hindered the owner's ability to sell the property at a higher price, which was a key condition of their agreement. The tenant's negative comments about the farm to prospective buyers can be seen as a material breach of an implied promise to cooperate or at least not to hinder the sale. This would likely be the strongest defense because it directly relates to the tenant's actions that affected the sale price and thus the owner's obligation to pay any proceeds.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The owner of a large unimproved tract of land leased it to a tenant for five years at a monthly rental of $1,500. The rental agreement provided that the land was to be used as farmland. Shortly after the tenant took possession of the tract of land, he built thereon, at his own expense, a barn made of lumber, which was 15 feet wide, 20 feet long, and set on loose bricks. The barn increased the appraised market value of the tract of land from $250,000 to $275,000. The tenant then began farming operations on the land. Toward the end of the lease period, the owner informed the tenant that he was going to put the tract of land up for sale. The next month, when the lease expired, the parties settled a dispute over the tenant's right, if any, to compensation for the improvements by the following written agreement:\"On the sale of the tract of land, the owner hereby agrees to pay the tenant two-thirds of any sale proceeds in excess of $250,000, provided that tenant may remain on the farm for the next year, rent-free, while the owner tries to sell it. After that time, the tenant may remain on the land until closing of the sale, at a monthly rental of $1,000. \"The owner initially set the asking price at $300,000. After receiving scant interest, the owner decided to reduce the price to $260,000. This price reduction so infuriated the tenant that he thereafter made negative comments about the farm to all of the prospective buyers. Finally, 14 months after the agreement between the owner and the tenant was executed, and after rejecting offers for $240,000 and $250,000, the owner sold the tract of land for $256,000 to a buyer who visited the land while the tenant was away on vacation. Thereupon, the tenant, who had failed to pay the last two months rent as per the agreement, moved out. After closing, the owner refused to pay the tenant any of the sale proceeds, and the tenant brought suit to recover damages for breach of contract. Which of the following is the owner's most persuasive argument in defense of the tenant's suit?","score":1,"choices":["The tenant committed an uncured material breach of an implied promise to cooperate in the owner's efforts to sell the property, or at least not to hinder the proposed sale.","The owner's decision to reduce the asking price without consulting the tenant was a breach of their agreement.","The agreement between the owner and the tenant was voidable because it was a restraint on alienation, since it conditioned a promise to pay for a conveyance of land upon an otherwise invalid leasehold contract.","The tenant failed to maintain the property in a presentable state for potential buyers, thereby breaching his responsibilities under the agreement.","The tenant's failure to pay any rent for the last two months was a material breach of contract that discharged the owner's remaining duties of performance.","The owner had no legal obligation to share the proceeds of the sale as the tenant had continued to live on the property rent-free for a year.","The owner's agreement to pay the tenant was conditional upon the sale price exceeding $250,000, which it did not.","The tenant's decision to farm the land was against the rental agreement and hence, a violation of the contract.","The tenant's construction of the barn without the owner's explicit permission was a breach of the lease agreement.","The tenant's negative comments about the farm to prospective buyers amounted to an anticipatory repudiation of the agreement between the owner and the tenant."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1392,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Felony murder is a legal doctrine in some jurisdictions that broadens the crime of murder: when an offender kills (regardless of intent to kill) in the commission of a dangerous or enumerated crime (such as robbery), they can be charged with murder. In this case, the defendant and his friend were committing a robbery, which is a felony, and during the commission of this felony, his friend was killed. Therefore, under the felony murder rule, the defendant can be found guilty of felony murder.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant and his friend were down on their luck. They decided they would make some extra cash by robbing the local liquor store. The friend didn't like guns and decided to use a toy gun, which looked like a real gun, but only shot water. The defendant was aware that the gun was not real. Their plan fixed, they walked into the liquor store late one afternoon when few customers were in the store. The friend produced the toy pistol and pointed it at the customers and the clerk. The defendant ordered everyone to the floor, and the clerk began to rummage behind the counter for the key to the register. While his head was ducked, the clerk pulled a shotgun from behind the counter and fired it at the defendant and his friend. The defendant dived to the side, but his friend was shot and killed. If the defendant is subsequently charged with his friend's death he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty of felony murder.","not guilty, because the clerk was justified in killing the friend.","not guilty, because the defendant did not intend to kill his friend.","guilty, because a felon may be convicted of the murder of a co-felon.","guilty of involuntary manslaughter.","guilty of second degree murder.","guilty of voluntary manslaughter.","guilty of first degree murder.","guilty, because the defendant was involved in the commission of a felony when his friend was killed."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1393,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Felony murder is a legal doctrine in some jurisdictions that broadens the crime of murder: when an offender kills (regardless of intent to kill) in the commission of a dangerous or enumerated crime (such as robbery), he or she is guilty of murder. The key point here is that the death occurred during the commission of a felony (robbery). Even though the defendant did not intend to kill his friend, and even though the clerk was justified in shooting, the defendant can still be found guilty under the felony murder rule because the death occurred during the commission of a felony.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant and his friend were down on their luck. They decided they would make some extra cash by robbing the local liquor store. The friend didn't like guns and decided to use a toy gun, which looked like a real gun, but only shot water. The defendant was aware that the gun was not real. Their plan fixed, they walked into the liquor store late one afternoon when few customers were in the store. The friend produced the toy pistol and pointed it at the customers and the clerk. The defendant ordered everyone to the floor, and the clerk began to rummage behind the counter for the key to the register. While his head was ducked, the clerk pulled a shotgun from behind the counter and fired it at the defendant and his friend. The defendant dived to the side, but his friend was shot and killed. If the defendant is subsequently charged with his friend's death he should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty of felony murder.","not guilty, because the clerk was justified in killing the friend.","not guilty, because the defendant did not intend to kill his friend.","guilty, because a felon may be convicted of the murder of a co-felon.","guilty of involuntary manslaughter.","guilty of second degree murder.","guilty of voluntary manslaughter.","guilty of first degree murder.","guilty, because the defendant was involved in the commission of a felony when his friend was killed.","not guilty, because the defendant did not pull the trigger."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1394,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether due process requires a trial-type hearing before the revocation of the doctor's license, given that the doctor has already been convicted in a state court. Due process generally requires a hearing before depriving someone of a significant property interest, but if the adjudicative facts have already been determined in a criminal trial, further hearings may not be necessary. The strongest argument for the state medical board is that the necessary facts were already determined in the criminal trial, making an additional hearing redundant.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A doctor who was licensed to practice medicine in a particular state was convicted in state court of improperly distributing specified drugs by writing prescriptions for fictitious persons. Under state law, such an abuse of the prescription-writing privilege requires revocation of a doctor's license. After it received an official notification of the doctor's conviction, the state medical board revoked the doctor's license without affording the doctor any opportunity for a hearing. The doctor has sued the board in state court to set aside the revocation, alleging deprivation of property without due process of law because the board did not provide an opportunity for a trial-type hearing before revoking the license. The doctor does not deny the conviction or the factual basis for it. Which of the following is the strongest argument in support of the state medical board?","score":1,"choices":["The doctor's conviction in state court is enough evidence of his guilt, and a hearing before the board would be redundant and unnecessary.","The adjudicative facts necessary to revoke the doctor's license were determined in the criminal trial, and therefore due process does not require any further trial-type hearing.","The board's decision to revoke the doctor's license without a hearing is justified because of the severe nature of the doctor's crime.","The licensing board was required to summarily revoke the doctor's license because Article IV, Section 1, of the Constitution requires the licensing board to give full faith and credit to the doctor's criminal conviction.","The medical board was merely following state law, which requires revocation of a doctor's license in such cases.","Due process requires a balancing of interests, and the state's interest in preventing drug abuse outweighs the doctor's interest in the particular procedure followed in the disciplinary proceeding.","The medical board has an obligation to protect the public from doctors who abuse their prescription-writing privileges, and a hearing would delay necessary action.","The doctor's admission of the conviction and its factual basis eliminates the need for a hearing before the board.","A doctor's license to practice is a privilege, not a right, and therefore is not property within the meaning of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1395,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment requires that individuals be given notice and an opportunity to be heard before being deprived of life, liberty, or property. However, when the adjudicative facts necessary for a decision have already been determined in a criminal trial, due process does not necessarily require a further trial-type hearing. Since the doctor does not deny the conviction or its factual basis, the strongest argument in support of the state medical board is that the necessary facts were already determined in the criminal trial.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A doctor who was licensed to practice medicine in a particular state was convicted in state court of improperly distributing specified drugs by writing prescriptions for fictitious persons. Under state law, such an abuse of the prescription-writing privilege requires revocation of a doctor's license. After it received an official notification of the doctor's conviction, the state medical board revoked the doctor's license without affording the doctor any opportunity for a hearing. The doctor has sued the board in state court to set aside the revocation, alleging deprivation of property without due process of law because the board did not provide an opportunity for a trial-type hearing before revoking the license. The doctor does not deny the conviction or the factual basis for it. Which of the following is the strongest argument in support of the state medical board?","score":1,"choices":["The doctor's conviction in state court is enough evidence of his guilt, and a hearing before the board would be redundant and unnecessary.","The adjudicative facts necessary to revoke the doctor's license were determined in the criminal trial, and therefore due process does not require any further trial-type hearing.","The board's decision to revoke the doctor's license without a hearing is justified because of the severe nature of the doctor's crime.","The licensing board was required to summarily revoke the doctor's license because Article IV, Section 1, of the Constitution requires the licensing board to give full faith and credit to the doctor's criminal conviction.","The medical board was merely following state law, which requires revocation of a doctor's license in such cases.","Due process requires a balancing of interests, and the state's interest in preventing drug abuse outweighs the doctor's interest in the particular procedure followed in the disciplinary proceeding.","The medical board has an obligation to protect the public from doctors who abuse their prescription-writing privileges, and a hearing would delay necessary action.","The doctor has already had a fair trial in a court of law, and the board's hearing would not change the outcome of that trial.","The doctor's admission of the conviction and its factual basis eliminates the need for a hearing before the board.","A doctor's license to practice is a privilege, not a right, and therefore is not property within the meaning of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1396,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of that agreement. Here, the man and the woman agreed to steal the coat, and both took steps to carry out the plan (the man causing a distraction and the woman taking the coat). \n\nLarceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's property with the intent to permanently deprive them of it. However, since the coat belonged to the man, he cannot be guilty of larceny for taking his own property. The woman, believing she was stealing someone else's property, did commit larceny.\n\nTherefore, the most correct answer is that both are guilty of conspiracy, but only the woman is guilty of larceny.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man was at a bar drinking beer when he started conversing with a woman who was seated at the next barstool. During the course of their conversation, the woman told the man that she was just laid off her job and desperately needed money to pay her rent. The man, a practical joker, pointed to a nearby coat rack and said, \"Hey, see that fur coat there. Why don't you take it?\" The man then told the woman that he would cause a disturbance to distract attention while she ran out of the bar with the coat. Believing that it was a good idea, the woman agreed to take part in the scheme. Thereupon, the man lit a matchbook and threw it on top of the bar. He then yelled, \"The bar's on fire, help!\" When everyone turned to look at the man, the woman ran to the back of the bar, took the fur coat and scurried outside unnoticed. Just as the woman left the bar and was running down the sidewalk, she was apprehended and arrested by a police officer. Later, the man confessed that the fur coat that the woman took really belonged to him. With respect to the man's and the woman's criminal liability, which of the following is most correct?","score":0,"choices":["The man and the woman are guilty of conspiracy.","The woman is guilty of conspiracy and larceny.","The man and the woman are guilty of larceny.","Neither the man nor the woman are guilty of larceny, but they are guilty of conspiracy.","The man is guilty of conspiracy and the woman is guilty of larceny.","The man is guilty of conspiracy.","The man and the woman are guilty of conspiracy and larceny.","The man and the woman are not guilty of either conspiracy or larceny.","The man is guilty of larceny.","The woman is guilty of larceny."],"correct":"H","answer":"A"}
{"number":1397,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the situation step by step. \n\n1. **Conspiracy**: Conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a criminal act, along with an overt act in furtherance of the conspiracy. Here, the man and the woman agreed to steal the coat, and both took steps to carry out this plan (the man creating a distraction and the woman taking the coat).\n\n2. **Larceny**: Larceny is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of it. In this case, although the woman took the coat believing it belonged to someone else, it was actually owned by the man. Since larceny requires taking someone else's property, and here it was not someone else's property but rather the man's own coat, neither can be guilty of larceny.\n\nGiven these points:\n- They are guilty of conspiracy because they agreed to commit what they believed was a theft and took steps towards that end.\n- They are not guilty of larceny because the coat belonged to the man.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man was at a bar drinking beer when he started conversing with a woman who was seated at the next barstool. During the course of their conversation, the woman told the man that she was just laid off her job and desperately needed money to pay her rent. The man, a practical joker, pointed to a nearby coat rack and said, \"Hey, see that fur coat there. Why don't you take it?\" The man then told the woman that he would cause a disturbance to distract attention while she ran out of the bar with the coat. Believing that it was a good idea, the woman agreed to take part in the scheme. Thereupon, the man lit a matchbook and threw it on top of the bar. He then yelled, \"The bar's on fire, help!\" When everyone turned to look at the man, the woman ran to the back of the bar, took the fur coat and scurried outside unnoticed. Just as the woman left the bar and was running down the sidewalk, she was apprehended and arrested by a police officer. Later, the man confessed that the fur coat that the woman took really belonged to him. With respect to the man's and the woman's criminal liability, which of the following is most correct?","score":0,"choices":["The man and the woman are guilty of conspiracy.","The woman is guilty of conspiracy and larceny.","The man and the woman are guilty of larceny.","Neither the man nor the woman are guilty of larceny, but they are guilty of conspiracy.","The man is guilty of conspiracy and the woman is guilty of larceny.","The man is guilty of conspiracy.","The man and the woman are guilty of conspiracy and larceny.","The man and the woman are not guilty of either conspiracy or larceny.","The man is guilty of larceny.","The woman is guilty of larceny."],"correct":"H","answer":"D"}
{"number":1398,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The admissibility of evidence in court is governed by rules that prioritize relevance, reliability, and the avoidance of prejudice. \n\n- A. Testimony from the plaintiff's doctor about her previous health conditions may not be directly relevant unless it pertains to the injuries from the accident.\n- B. Testimony of a surprise witness can be admitted if the court grants a continuance, making this a strong candidate.\n- C. Testimony from the plaintiff's boss about missed work may be redundant if payroll records are already admitted.\n- D. Testimony from the plaintiff's mother about pain and suffering could be considered hearsay and less reliable.\n- E. Testimony concerning subsequent repairs is generally inadmissible to prove negligence under Rule 407 of the Federal Rules of Evidence.\n- F. Testimony from the insurance company about willingness to settle is typically inadmissible under Rule 408.\n- G. Color pictures of surgery might be excluded due to being overly prejudicial.\n- H. Testimony from a mechanic about the truck's condition after the accident could be relevant and reliable.\n- I. Testimony from the truck driver's spouse about speeding habits could be considered character evidence and inadmissible under Rule 404.\n- J. Photographs of the car before the accident showing it in a damaged state are irrelevant to this case.\n\nGiven these considerations, B (Testimony of a surprise witness when a continuance is granted) and H (Testimony from a mechanic who inspected the truck) are strong candidates, but B is more likely to be admitted as it directly pertains to witnessing the accident.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A plaintiff sued a trucking company for injuries allegedly suffered when a speeding truck jackknifed and struck her car. Which of the following pieces of evidence, if offered by the plaintiff, is most likely to be admitted by the court?","score":1,"choices":["Testimony from the plaintiff's doctor about her previous health conditions.","Testimony of a surprise witness to the accident when the court is willing to grant the trucking company a continuance to prepare for crossexamination.","Testimony from the plaintiff's boss concerning the amount of time she has missed work, when payroll records had already been admitted as evidence of the plaintiff's lost wages.","Testimony from the plaintiff's mother about her daughter's pain and suffering.","Testimony concerning subsequent repairs to the truck paid for by the trucking company where they have stipulated to ownership.","Testimony from the trucking company's insurance company about their willingness to settle the case.","Color pictures of a plastic surgeon operating on the plaintiff showing the incision and bloody surgical tools.","Testimony from a mechanic who inspected the truck after the accident and found it to be in perfect condition.","Testimony from the truck driver's spouse concerning the driver's habit of speeding.","Photographs of the plaintiff's car before the accident, showing it in a damaged state."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1399,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The most relevant and admissible evidence would be directly related to the incident and the damages claimed by the plaintiff. Testimony from a surprise witness (B) is likely to be admitted if the court grants a continuance, as it directly pertains to the accident. Other options either involve hearsay, irrelevant information, or prejudicial content that may not be directly related to proving liability or damages.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A plaintiff sued a trucking company for injuries allegedly suffered when a speeding truck jackknifed and struck her car. Which of the following pieces of evidence, if offered by the plaintiff, is most likely to be admitted by the court?","score":1,"choices":["Testimony from the plaintiff's doctor about her previous health conditions.","Testimony of a surprise witness to the accident when the court is willing to grant the trucking company a continuance to prepare for crossexamination.","Testimony from the plaintiff's boss concerning the amount of time she has missed work, when payroll records had already been admitted as evidence of the plaintiff's lost wages.","Testimony from the plaintiff's mother about her daughter's pain and suffering.","Testimony concerning subsequent repairs to the truck paid for by the trucking company where they have stipulated to ownership.","Testimony from the trucking company's insurance company about their willingness to settle the case.","Color pictures of a plastic surgeon operating on the plaintiff showing the incision and bloody surgical tools.","Testimony from a mechanic who inspected the truck after the accident and found it to be in perfect condition.","Testimony from the truck driver's spouse concerning the driver's habit of speeding.","Photographs of the plaintiff's car before the accident, showing it in a damaged state."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1401,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The plaintiff's statement about what his son said is hearsay, as it is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. Hearsay is generally inadmissible unless it falls under a recognized exception. The son's availability does not change the hearsay nature of the statement, and there is no indication that this statement falls under any hearsay exception.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A relevant fact in a plaintiff's suit is the magnitude of an explosion at an oil refinery one evening. At trial, the plaintiff was asked on direct examination if he remembered the explosion. He replied, \"I recall my son running into the home and screaming that the car windows just shattered. \" The son was available to testify at trial. The defendant's attorney makes a motion to strike the plaintiff's answer. The trial judge should rule the plaintiff's testimony","score":0,"choices":["admissible, because the son is available as a witness.","admissible, if the son's testimony corroborates the plaintiff's statement.","inadmissible, because the statement can be considered secondhand information.","admissible, because it gives context to the magnitude of the explosion.","inadmissible under the excited utterance exception, because it can be a product of reflection and deliberation.","admissible, because it provides relevant details about the incident.","admissible, whether or not the son is available as a witness.","inadmissible, because the plaintiff's statement is based on the son's account.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, unless the son's account is presented as evidence."],"correct":"G","answer":"I"}
{"number":1402,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the concept of lateral and subjacent support in property law. Subjacent support refers to the right of landowners to have their land supported by the underlying strata or soil. If the land subsides due to actions taken by an adjacent or underlying property owner, the affected landowner can seek damages.\n\nIn this case, the sister's land (parcel \"C\") began to subside due to the drainage system constructed by the woman on parcel \"A\". The sister is entitled to subjacent support for her land in its natural condition, meaning that any subsidence caused by the drainage system would make the woman liable for damages.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A woman is the owner of record of a parcel of land designated as \"A. \" It is the highest of three neighboring properties on a mountain. The woman's sister owns parcel \"C,\" which lies the lowest on the mountain. Parcel \"B\" lies between Parcels \"A\" andIn 2000, the woman who originally owned all three parcels of land constructed a private drainage system. This system consisted of an underground pipeline that extended across all three parcels of land. Sewage from parcel \"A\" drained through the system to a municipal sewer, which was located at the bottom of the mountain. In 2005, the sister purchased parcel \"C\" from the woman. The deed to the sister did not contain any mention of the woman's drainage system. Located on each of the parcels are large ranch-style homes occupied by the respective owners. A portion of the sister's unimproved land began to subside over the drainage system. This was because of an especially pliable soil condition of which the woman was unaware prior to construction of the drainage system. In an action brought by the sister against the woman to recover property damage for the subsidence of her land, judgment should be for whom?","score":1,"choices":["The woman, unless it can be proven that she intentionally hid the condition of the soil.","The woman, because the sister did not maintain the drainage system on her property.","The woman, because the sister purchased the property with full knowledge of the existing drainage system.","The sister, because the woman did not include any mention of the drainage system in the deed.","The sister, because the woman should have tested the soil before constructing the drainage system.","The sister, because she is entitled to subjacent support for her land in its natural condition.","The woman, unless she sister proves that the woman was negligent in constructing the drainage system.","The sister, because she is entitled to support for her land in its improved condition.","The sister, because she is entitled to lateral support for her land in its natural condition.","The woman, because the sister did not perform a thorough inspection before purchasing the property."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1403,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, for a settlement agreement to be valid, there must be consideration, which is something of value exchanged between the parties. The contractor accepted the homeowner's offer of $35,000 in full settlement and received the payment. This acceptance and payment form a new agreement, which is binding as long as there was no fraud or duress involved. The contractor willingly accepted the new terms, thus forming a new agreement.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A homeowner and a contractor entered into a contract under which the homeowner agreed to pay the contractor $50,000 for remodeling the homeowner's basement according to a set of plans. After the work was completed, the homeowner honestly believed that there were defects in the contractor's work as well as departures from the plans. In fact, the contractor had fully performed. The homeowner offered to pay the contractor $35,000 in full settlement in exchange for the contractor's promise to surrender his entire claim. The contractor accepted the homeowner's offer, and the homeowner paid the contractor $35,000. The reasonable value of the work was $35,000. Is the contractor likely to succeed in an action challenging the validity of the settlement agreement?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the homeowner's payment of $35,000 cannot furnish consideration for the contractor's relinquishment of a claim for $50,000.","No, because the contractor agreed to the settlement and accepted the $35,000 payment.","No, because the homeowner has the right to dispute the quality of work and adjust payment accordingly.","Yes, because the contractor has provided services worth $50,000 as initially agreed.","No, because the reasonable value of the work was only $35,000.","No, because the homeowner honestly disputed the amount he owed the contractor.","Yes, because the homeowner has breached the contract by not paying the full amount agreed upon.","Yes, because the contractor reasonably relied on the homeowner's contractual promise to pay the full $50,000, and that promise should be enforced to avoid injustice.","Yes, because the homeowner's belief of defects and departures from the plan were unfounded.","No, because the contractor willingly accepted the new offer, thus forming a new agreement."],"correct":"F","answer":"J"}
{"number":1404,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether the settlement agreement is valid despite the initial contract. The contractor accepted the homeowner's offer of $35,000 in full settlement, which means a new agreement was formed. The contractor willingly agreed to this new amount, and there was no evidence of coercion or fraud. Therefore, the contractor is unlikely to succeed in challenging the validity of the settlement agreement because he accepted the new terms.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A homeowner and a contractor entered into a contract under which the homeowner agreed to pay the contractor $50,000 for remodeling the homeowner's basement according to a set of plans. After the work was completed, the homeowner honestly believed that there were defects in the contractor's work as well as departures from the plans. In fact, the contractor had fully performed. The homeowner offered to pay the contractor $35,000 in full settlement in exchange for the contractor's promise to surrender his entire claim. The contractor accepted the homeowner's offer, and the homeowner paid the contractor $35,000. The reasonable value of the work was $35,000. Is the contractor likely to succeed in an action challenging the validity of the settlement agreement?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the homeowner's payment of $35,000 cannot furnish consideration for the contractor's relinquishment of a claim for $50,000.","No, because the contractor agreed to the settlement and accepted the $35,000 payment.","No, because the homeowner has the right to dispute the quality of work and adjust payment accordingly.","Yes, because the contractor has provided services worth $50,000 as initially agreed.","No, because the reasonable value of the work was only $35,000.","No, because the homeowner honestly disputed the amount he owed the contractor.","Yes, because the homeowner has breached the contract by not paying the full amount agreed upon.","Yes, because the contractor reasonably relied on the homeowner's contractual promise to pay the full $50,000, and that promise should be enforced to avoid injustice.","Yes, because the homeowner's belief of defects and departures from the plan were unfounded.","No, because the contractor willingly accepted the new offer, thus forming a new agreement."],"correct":"F","answer":"B"}
{"number":1405,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a user is generally bound by the terms and conditions if they are conspicuous and the user has a reasonable opportunity to review them before agreeing. Here, the terms were clearly indicated in bold and accessible via a conspicuous link. By creating an account and using the service, the woman implicitly agreed to those terms, including the recurring charges.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman joined a web site to get her credit reports. The site required creation of an account before she could enter. On that form, a notice appeared in bold letters: \"TERMS AND CONDITIONS: This is a Contract. By creating an account, you agree to and accept the terms and conditions for use of this website.\" She did not access the terms, which she could have done by clicking a conspicuous link. She started an account and paid $50 for a credit report. For the next 6 months, her credit card was automatically billed $50, without notice, except that she received email notice that the report was available at the site. The terms and conditions provided that she authorized the charges, unless she notified the company otherwise in advance. Which party will likely prevail on the issue of whether she was bound to pay for the 6 months until she canceled?","score":1,"choices":["The company will prevail because the provision notifying her of the contract is in bold and the contract is easily accessible.","The woman will prevail because terms and conditions have been ruled to be contracts of adhesion that are largely unenforceable.","The woman will prevail because the terms and conditions, or important parts, must be described on the 'create an account' page, which was not done here.","The company will prevail because the woman failed to cancel her subscription and thus implicitly agreed to the terms.","The woman will prevail because she did not explicitly agree to the recurring charges.","The woman will prevail because she was not given explicit notice of the recurring charges.","The company will prevail because the woman did not cancel her subscription and thus accepted the terms.","The woman will prevail because the terms were not explicitly stated before she made the initial payment."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1406,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a person is generally bound by the terms and conditions they agree to, even if they did not read them, as long as they had a reasonable opportunity to do so. Here, the woman had the opportunity to review the terms and conditions via a conspicuous link before creating an account and making a payment. The terms were clearly presented as part of the contract formation process.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman joined a web site to get her credit reports. The site required creation of an account before she could enter. On that form, a notice appeared in bold letters: \"TERMS AND CONDITIONS: This is a Contract. By creating an account, you agree to and accept the terms and conditions for use of this website.\" She did not access the terms, which she could have done by clicking a conspicuous link. She started an account and paid $50 for a credit report. For the next 6 months, her credit card was automatically billed $50, without notice, except that she received email notice that the report was available at the site. The terms and conditions provided that she authorized the charges, unless she notified the company otherwise in advance. Which party will likely prevail on the issue of whether she was bound to pay for the 6 months until she canceled?","score":0,"choices":["The company will prevail because the woman had the opportunity to review the terms and conditions before agreeing to them.","The company will prevail because the provision notifying her of the contract is in bold and the contract is easily accessible.","The woman will prevail because terms and conditions have been ruled to be contracts of adhesion that are largely unenforceable.","The woman will prevail because the terms and conditions, or important parts, must be described on the 'create an account' page, which was not done here.","The company will prevail because the woman failed to cancel her subscription and thus implicitly agreed to the terms.","The company will prevail because any mention of terms and conditions is enough to put the prospective member on notice of contract terms.","The woman will prevail because she did not explicitly agree to the recurring charges.","The woman will prevail because she was not given explicit notice of the recurring charges.","The company will prevail because the woman did not cancel her subscription and thus accepted the terms.","The woman will prevail because the terms were not explicitly stated before she made the initial payment."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1407,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The wife's testimony about the close relationship and happy marriage is relevant to her claim for damages for loss of society and companionship. The question about the husband's affair is relevant because it could affect the value of the wife's loss. If she knew about the affair, it might suggest that their relationship was not as close as she claimed, which could reduce the damages she is entitled to recover.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A husband and his passenger were killed in an auto collision involving a defendant. The husband's wife now brings an action to recover damages for loss of society and companionship. The wife testified that she and her husband had a close relationship and that they were happily married for over 15 years. Then on cross-examination, defendant's counsel asked her if she \"was aware of the affair that her husband was having with his passenger?\"The wife's attorney immediately objected to this question. The judge should rule that the question is","score":1,"choices":["objectionable, because it is irrelevant to the case at hand.","objectionable, because it could be seen as an attempt to tarnish the reputation of the deceased.","objectionable, because it was highly prejudicial.","unobjectionable, because plaintiff's knowledge of such an affair was probative of the value to be placed on her loss.","objectionable, because the question is beyond the scope of direct examination.","objectionable, because it infringes on the privacy of the deceased.","unobjectionable, because it provides a potential motive for the accident."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1408,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The wife's claim is for loss of society and companionship, which relates to the quality of the marital relationship. The question about the husband's affair could be relevant to assessing the value of the wife's loss, as it directly pertains to the nature of their relationship. Therefore, while potentially prejudicial, it is not irrelevant or beyond the scope of direct examination.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A husband and his passenger were killed in an auto collision involving a defendant. The husband's wife now brings an action to recover damages for loss of society and companionship. The wife testified that she and her husband had a close relationship and that they were happily married for over 15 years. Then on cross-examination, defendant's counsel asked her if she \"was aware of the affair that her husband was having with his passenger?\"The wife's attorney immediately objected to this question. The judge should rule that the question is","score":1,"choices":["objectionable, because it is irrelevant to the case at hand.","unobjectionable, because it could potentially influence the jury's perception of the wife's claim.","objectionable, because it could be seen as an attempt to tarnish the reputation of the deceased.","objectionable, because it was highly prejudicial.","unobjectionable, because it was relevant on the issue of negligence.","unobjectionable, because plaintiff's knowledge of such an affair was probative of the value to be placed on her loss.","objectionable, because the question is beyond the scope of direct examination.","objectionable, because it infringes on the privacy of the deceased.","unobjectionable, because it provides a potential motive for the accident."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1409,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The manufacturer has a clear interest in the ordinance because it directly affects their ability to sell surfboards in the city, which gives them standing. The case is not moot because the ordinance is currently in effect and impacting the manufacturer's plans. There is a clear case or controversy because the manufacturer is challenging an existing law that affects their business. The case is ripe because the ordinance is already enacted and affecting the manufacturer's business plans.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"For the past 20 years a city by the beach has been a popular location for surfboarding. City residents have recently complained that the surfers are creating a public nuisance by littering the beaches, harassing sunbathers, and injuring swimmers with their surfboards. As a consequence, the city adopted an ordinance prohibiting all surfing on its beaches. The newly enacted ordinance further prohibited the sale of surfboards within the city's limits. An out of state surfboard manufacturer had planned to sell a new line of fiberglass surfboards in the city in the upcoming year. This is now precluded by the recently adopted measure. If the manufacturer seeks to enjoin application of the city ordinance, which of the following is the WEAKEST defense for the city?","score":1,"choices":["There is no case or controversy.","The manufacturer's case is moot.","The manufacturer lacks standing.","The case is not ripe."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1410,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The political question doctrine refers to issues that the courts deem inappropriate for judicial review because they are more appropriately addressed by other branches of government. This doctrine is typically applied to cases involving separation of powers, not local ordinances about surfing and surfboard sales. Therefore, this is the weakest defense for the city.\nAnswer: A","question":"For the past 20 years a city by the beach has been a popular location for surfboarding. City residents have recently complained that the surfers are creating a public nuisance by littering the beaches, harassing sunbathers, and injuring swimmers with their surfboards. As a consequence, the city adopted an ordinance prohibiting all surfing on its beaches. The newly enacted ordinance further prohibited the sale of surfboards within the city's limits. An out of state surfboard manufacturer had planned to sell a new line of fiberglass surfboards in the city in the upcoming year. This is now precluded by the recently adopted measure. If the manufacturer seeks to enjoin application of the city ordinance, which of the following is the WEAKEST defense for the city?","score":0,"choices":["The case falls under the political question doctrine.","The case is not ripe.","The city has sovereign immunity.","The city ordinance is narrowly tailored to serve a significant government interest.","The city has a compelling interest in protecting beachgoers.","The manufacturer has failed to exhaust administrative remedies.","The manufacturer lacks standing.","The manufacturer's case is moot.","The manufacturer has not suffered any injury in fact.","There is no case or controversy."],"correct":"H","answer":"A"}
{"number":1411,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on corporate law for help. In general corporate governance, shareholders have the power to remove directors from office, with or without cause, unless there is a provision in the articles of incorporation that states otherwise. This is a fundamental aspect of shareholder rights in many jurisdictions.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"In the absence of a provision to the contrary in the articles of incorporation, the directors of a corporation elected for a specified term","score":1,"choices":["can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only with a two-thirds majority vote.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only if they fail to attend three consecutive meetings without a reasonable excuse.","cannot be removed from office prior to the expiration of their term.","can only be removed from office by the board of directors, not the shareholders.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, with or without cause.","can be removed from office prior to the expiration of their term only by a decree of the circuit court in an action by the shareholders.","can be removed from office only by a unanimous vote of the shareholders, with or without cause.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only for cause and after an opportunity to be heard has been given to the directors.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only for cause.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only if a replacement director has been identified."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1412,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on corporate governance for help. In general corporate law, shareholders have the power to remove directors with or without cause unless the articles of incorporation state otherwise. This is a fundamental principle in many jurisdictions to ensure that shareholders retain control over the board.\nAnswer: E","question":"In the absence of a provision to the contrary in the articles of incorporation, the directors of a corporation elected for a specified term","score":1,"choices":["can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only with a two-thirds majority vote.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only if they fail to attend three consecutive meetings without a reasonable excuse.","cannot be removed from office prior to the expiration of their term.","can only be removed from office by the board of directors, not the shareholders.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, with or without cause.","can be removed from office prior to the expiration of their term only by a decree of the circuit court in an action by the shareholders.","can be removed from office only by a unanimous vote of the shareholders, with or without cause.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only for cause and after an opportunity to be heard has been given to the directors.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only for cause.","can be removed from office at a meeting of the shareholders, but only if a replacement director has been identified."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1413,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under traditional rules of landowners' and occupiers' liability, the duty owed to a trespasser (the neighbor in this case) is generally minimal. The farmer would not typically be liable for injuries to a trespasser unless the injury was caused by willful or wanton conduct or if the landowner knew of the trespasser's presence and failed to warn them of hidden dangers. Since the neighbor was trespassing without the farmer's knowledge or permission, and there is no indication that the farmer engaged in willful or wanton conduct, the neighbor is unlikely to prevail.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A farmer owns a large farm on which he allows his friends to hunt during quail-hunting season. He does not provide his friends with any instructions about gun safety. The neighbor who owns property adjacent to the farm knows of the friends' use of the property during the hunting season. One day during the hunting season, without the farmer's knowledge or permission, the neighbor took a shortcut across the farm to visit an acquaintance. The neighbor was wounded by a shot fired by one of the farmer's friends, who was shooting at quail and carelessly failed to see the neighbor. Traditional rules of landowners' and occupiers' liability apply. In an action by the neighbor against the farmer to recover for the injuries, will the neighbor be likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the neighbor should have known of the danger due to the hunting season.","Yes, because the use of firearms is an abnormally dangerous activity.","Yes, because the careless friend was permitted to hunt without safety training.","No, because the farmer is not responsible for his friends' conduct.","Yes, because the farmer should have posted warning signs about hunting activities.","No, because the neighbor was trespassing.","No, because the farmer's friends were the ones responsible for the shooting.","No, because the farmer was not present at the time of the accident.","Yes, because the farmer had a duty to ensure the safety of his property.","Yes, because the farmer allowed unsafe hunting practices on his property."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1414,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Under traditional rules of landowners' and occupiers' liability, the duty owed to a trespasser (the neighbor) is generally minimal. However, there are exceptions, such as when the landowner knows or should know that trespassers frequently intrude upon a portion of the land where the condition is dangerous. The farmer did not know about the neighbor's presence and did not give permission for the neighbor to be on his property. Therefore, the neighbor was a trespasser.\n\nGiven this context, the most relevant choice is:\nAnswer: F","question":"A farmer owns a large farm on which he allows his friends to hunt during quail-hunting season. He does not provide his friends with any instructions about gun safety. The neighbor who owns property adjacent to the farm knows of the friends' use of the property during the hunting season. One day during the hunting season, without the farmer's knowledge or permission, the neighbor took a shortcut across the farm to visit an acquaintance. The neighbor was wounded by a shot fired by one of the farmer's friends, who was shooting at quail and carelessly failed to see the neighbor. Traditional rules of landowners' and occupiers' liability apply. In an action by the neighbor against the farmer to recover for the injuries, will the neighbor be likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the neighbor should have known of the danger due to the hunting season.","Yes, because the use of firearms is an abnormally dangerous activity.","Yes, because the careless friend was permitted to hunt without safety training.","No, because the farmer is not responsible for his friends' conduct.","Yes, because the farmer should have posted warning signs about hunting activities.","No, because the neighbor was trespassing.","No, because the farmer's friends were the ones responsible for the shooting.","No, because the farmer was not present at the time of the accident.","Yes, because the farmer had a duty to ensure the safety of his property.","Yes, because the farmer allowed unsafe hunting practices on his property."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1415,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. Gender-based discrimination in state employment is subject to intermediate scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. This means that the state must show that its gender-based classification is substantially related to an important government interest. The state's concern for the safety and well-being of its female officers, while important, does not necessarily justify a blanket prohibition on their assignment to the narcotics division if it is not substantially related to that interest.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A woman was employed as a state trooper. Although the state provides both sexes with equal pay and benefits, the state has adopted a policy that prohibits the assignment of female officers to its special undercover narcotics division. This is a moderate risk position that sometimes involves violent encounters with drug dealers. Since the special narcotics division was first established, five undercover agents have been killed in the line of duty. It is because of the state's concern with the safety and well-being of its female officers that it has adopted such a policy. The woman, who desired to be a member of the narcotics division, filed an application for assignment as a special drug agent. After she was rejected for the position, the woman sued the state in federal court to enjoin enforcement of its stated policy on the grounds that it is unconstitutional. As a matter of constitutional law, which of the following results in this suit is most appropriate?","score":1,"choices":["Judgment for the state, because the state has articulated a rational basis for this classification and, therefore, a court may not substitute its judgment for that of responsible state officials.","Judgment for the woman, because gender-based discrimination in state employment violates the Equal Protection Clause.","Judgment for the state, because it is within a state's police power to insulate the terms and conditions of governmental employment.","Judgment for the state, because the dangerous nature of the work in the narcotics division provides a valid basis for the policy.","Judgment for the woman, because the facts asserted do not demonstrate that the particular classification contained in this policy is substantially related to the advancement of an important state interest.","Judgment for the woman, because the terms and conditions of state government employment are privileges or immunities of state citizenship that may not be abridged by the state on the basis of gender.","Judgment for the woman, because the state's policy is not narrowly tailored to serve a compelling state interest.","Judgment for the state, because the nature of the position justifies a gender-based classification.","Judgment for the state, because the state has a compelling interest in protecting the safety of its employees.","Judgment for the woman, because the state's policy constitutes unjustified sex discrimination."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1416,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is the authentication of the telephone conversation. According to the Federal Rules of Evidence, a witness can authenticate a voice based on hearing it at any time under circumstances connecting it with the alleged speaker. The sister had spoken with the defendant several times before and felt \"probably\" confident about recognizing his voice. This past interaction provides a basis for authentication.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The police arrested a man for the murder of his live-in fiancÃƒÂ©e after the woman's dead body was found in the basement of their apartment building. At trial, the prosecution attempted to present the testimony of the victim's out-of-state sister regarding a telephone conversation she had with the defendant. She had called their landline number to talk with her sister on the same day when he had first reported to the police that his fiancÃƒÂ© had been missing for five days. The sister had not met the man but had spoken with him briefly a few other times. He told her that her sister \"went out all night last night and did not return yet.\" The prosecution attempted at trial to have the sister testify to the conversation to show the significant discrepancy between his stories to the police and to her. The defense objected, arguing that she couldn't authenticate the conversation because she couldn't identify the speaker as the defendant nor had she ever met him. The prosecution told the court that she felt it was \"probably\" his voice, which she recollected from the prior talks at the same number. Will the court likely grant the defendant's objection to the testimony?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the conversation is hearsay and there are no exceptions that would allow it into evidence.","Yes, because the sister does not have sufficient experience and knowledge to be able to identify the man's voice and to say that the voice and the defendant were the same person.","Yes, because the conversation is irrelevant to the case.","Yes, because the sister's testimony could be considered as prejudicial against the defendant.","No, because the court can consider the sister's past interactions with the defendant over the phone to authenticate the conversation.","No, because the sister's testimony could aid in establishing a timeline of events.","No, because telephone conversations do not need to be authenticated, because there is a presumption that the person talking is the same person who owns the phone number.","Yes, because the sister cannot provide a reliable account due to her emotional state.","No, because there was sufficient circumstantial evidence to make a reasonable conclusion that the man she talked to was her sister's fiancÃƒÂ©.","No, because the defendant did not deny having the conversation with the sister."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1418,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statement made by the woman falls under the \"dying declaration\" exception to the hearsay rule, which allows statements made by a person who believes they are about to die concerning the cause or circumstances of what they believe to be their impending death. This is admissible even if it is not a homicide case.\nAnswer: G","question":"A defendant was charged with vehicular battery after driving through a red light and crashing into a woman's small convertible. The woman suffered massive internal injuries and lapsed into a coma for several hours after she reached the hospital. The woman's best friend, who was a passenger in the car, miraculously received only a few minor bruises. After the collision, the passenger stayed with the woman trying to comfort her until the ambulance arrived. At trial, the passenger is called to testify. Â€Â˜While on the witness stand, she gazes with sorrow at the woman, who is still wearing a cast on her leg. The passenger testifies that the first thing she remembered seeing after the accident was the woman's bloodied body trapped in the mangled wreckage. The state's attorney then asked the passenger if the woman said anything to her before being taken to the hospital. The passenger answered, \"Yes, she told me: Â€Â˜I know I'm dying. Why did he have to run that red light?\"Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the court should rule the passenger's testimony","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, because the woman's statement could be considered prejudicial against the defendant.","admissible, because it is irrelevant that this is not a homicide case.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because of the close relationship between the woman and the passenger.","admissible, because the woman's statement was made as part of her medical history.","inadmissible, because the woman's statement is speculative and not a fact.","admissible, because the woman believed her death was imminent when she made the declaration.","inadmissible, because the passenger's emotional state might affect her memory of the event.","admissible, because the passenger is a direct witness to the accident.","admissible, because the woman's statement is a spontaneous utterance made under stress."],"correct":"B","answer":"G"}
{"number":1419,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a tort case for malicious prosecution, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant initiated a criminal proceeding without probable cause and with malice. Evidence of the student's reputation for dishonesty is relevant because it directly relates to the credibility of his initial complaint and his potential motive for initiating the criminal case. Character evidence, including reputation evidence, can be admissible if it directly relates to an issue in the case, such as credibility or motive.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A college student initiated a criminal case against his former roommate, claiming the former roommate snuck in and removed his state-of-the-art home theater equipment from his house. The college student took the complaint papers that were approved by the prosecution and filed them with a magistrate court. An ongoing police investigation later determined, however, that the college student was a vengeful person not averse to creating stories, and that he and the former roommate had been arguing over several related issues. They also determined that he never had any quality sound or video equipment. The police dropped the prosecution, and the criminal case was dismissed at the preliminary hearing. When the former roommate filed a civil case against the college student alleging the tort of malicious prosecution, will evidence of the student's reputation for dishonesty be admissible and why?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the student's reputation for dishonesty directly relates to the tort of malicious prosecution.","No, because reputation evidence is considered too prejudicial to be admissible.","Yes, because dishonesty at any time in the past is always relevant to a malicious prosecution complaint.","Yes, because the student's dishonesty directly affects the credibility of his initial criminal complaint.","Yes, because reputation evidence, just like most character evidence, is virtually always admissible.","Yes, because even though character evidence is too collateral to be admitted for circumstantial evidence, it is admissible if it is directly at issue in the case.","No, because character evidence is only admissible if it is directly related to the act in question.","No, because the past reputation of a person is not considered as evidence in court.","Yes, because while most character evidence is not admissible, some is, and reputation evidence is always admissible.","No, because character evidence is never admissible in any case."],"correct":"F","answer":"A"}
{"number":1420,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a civil case alleging the tort of malicious prosecution, the plaintiff must show that the defendant initiated or continued a legal proceeding without probable cause and with malice. Evidence of the student's reputation for dishonesty can be relevant to demonstrate malice and lack of probable cause. Character evidence, including reputation evidence, is generally not admissible to prove conduct on a particular occasion, but it can be admissible when character is directly at issue in the case.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A college student initiated a criminal case against his former roommate, claiming the former roommate snuck in and removed his state-of-the-art home theater equipment from his house. The college student took the complaint papers that were approved by the prosecution and filed them with a magistrate court. An ongoing police investigation later determined, however, that the college student was a vengeful person not averse to creating stories, and that he and the former roommate had been arguing over several related issues. They also determined that he never had any quality sound or video equipment. The police dropped the prosecution, and the criminal case was dismissed at the preliminary hearing. When the former roommate filed a civil case against the college student alleging the tort of malicious prosecution, will evidence of the student's reputation for dishonesty be admissible and why?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the student's reputation for dishonesty directly relates to the tort of malicious prosecution.","No, because reputation evidence is considered too prejudicial to be admissible.","Yes, because dishonesty at any time in the past is always relevant to a malicious prosecution complaint.","Yes, because the student's dishonesty directly affects the credibility of his initial criminal complaint.","Yes, because reputation evidence, just like most character evidence, is virtually always admissible.","Yes, because even though character evidence is too collateral to be admitted for circumstantial evidence, it is admissible if it is directly at issue in the case.","No, because character evidence is only admissible if it is directly related to the act in question.","No, because the past reputation of a person is not considered as evidence in court.","Yes, because while most character evidence is not admissible, some is, and reputation evidence is always admissible.","No, because character evidence is never admissible in any case."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1422,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, an acceptance must be a clear and unequivocal agreement to the terms of the offer. The initial notification from the offeree did not constitute an acceptance but merely acknowledged receipt of the offer. The acceptance form with modifications, sent after the goods were shipped, could be seen as a counteroffer rather than an acceptance. However, the key point here is that the offeror shipped the goods upon receiving what it interpreted as an acceptance. According to the \"mailbox rule,\" an acceptance is generally effective upon dispatch. Therefore, when the offeree posted the acceptance form (even with slight modifications), it likely created a binding contract.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A company offered to sell several loads of landscaping stones at a specified price and itemized terms. The offeree sent a notification to the offeror stating, \"We have received your offer to sell landscaping stone per specified terms this date.\" The offeror shipped the goods upon receiving that notification. On the date of shipment, the offeree posted an acceptance form with slight modifications to the terms. After the goods arrived, the offeree called the offeror's manager and told him that the company was unable to accept the offer at this time, he was shipping the goods back, and to \"ignore any paperwork we sent.\" The offeror sued the offeree for breach of contract. Who will prevail?","score":1,"choices":["The offeree will prevail because verbal rejection of the contract is considered valid.","The offeror will prevail because the offeree's modifications to the terms were not significant enough to void the contract.","The offeror will prevail because it shipped the goods when it received the first acceptance.","The offeree will prevail because it returned the goods, effectively cancelling the contract.","The offeree will prevail because it rejected the offer when it called the offeror's manager.","The offeror will prevail because the offeree did not officially cancel the contract in writing.","The offeror will prevail because the posting of the acceptance finalized a contract between the parties.","The offeree will prevail because the modifications to the terms were not accepted by the offeror.","The offeror will prevail because the offeree already accepted the terms when it sent the initial notification.","The offeree will prevail because it never accepted the offer on the same terms specified."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1423,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The defendant's testimony that he was committing a bank robbery in another state at the time of the murder is an attempt to establish an alibi, which is a defense used to show that the defendant was not present at the scene of the crime and therefore could not have committed it. This type of testimony is generally admissible as it directly relates to the defendant's whereabouts and can provide reasonable doubt regarding his involvement in the murder.\nAnswer: D","question":"As part of his defense to a murder charge, a defendant offered testimony that he was committing a bank robbery in another state on the day that the victim was killed. The testimony is","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible as it is hearsay.","admissible as a character evidence.","admissible as a declaration against interest.","admissible as a statement of alibi.","admissible as an admission.","admissible as then-existing state of mind.","admissible as not hearsay.","admissible as a self-incriminating statement.","inadmissible as it is an opinion, not a fact.","inadmissible as it's irrelevant to the case."],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1424,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The Statute of Frauds requires certain contracts to be in writing to be enforceable, including those for the sale of goods over a certain amount. However, modifications to existing contracts can sometimes be enforceable even if they are oral, especially if the original contract allows for such modifications or if the modification is supported by new consideration. In this case, the oral agreement was a clear and unambiguous modification of the written contract, and it was agreed upon by both parties.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A producer of widgets contacted a manufacturer of boxes about the possibility of purcIiasing specially designed boxes for shipping the widgets to customers. The producer sent the manufacturer a sheet containing the dimensions of the boxes' needs, as well as the logo to be placed on each box. After negotiations, the parties entered into a written contract whereby the manufacturer agreed to supply the producer with as many of the boxes as the producer may require up to a maximum of 10,000 per month. Later that day, the producer telephoned the manufacturer and said that they were running a one-time promotion and expected to sell an unusually large number of widgets. Therefore, for the first month only, they would need 15,000 boxes. The manufacturer agreed to this request. The manufacturer's oral agreement to supply the producer with the 15,000 boxes for the first month would most likely be held","score":0,"choices":["unenforceable, because their written contract on the same date was the final integration of the terms of their agreement.","unenforceable, because the manufacturer was under a pre-existing duty.","unenforceable, due to the Statute of Frauds.","enforceable, as the parties' intentions were clear and unambiguous.","unenforceable, because there was inadequate consideration to support the manufacturer's unilateral promise.","enforceable, due to the oral agreement being a modification of the written contract.","enforceable, because the manufacturer was motivated by a business advantage.","enforceable.","unenforceable, as the agreement to supply more boxes was not in writing.","unenforceable, because the agreement was violative of the parol evidence rule."],"correct":"H","answer":"F"}
{"number":1425,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In appellate review, findings of fact made by a trial judge are given deference, especially when they involve assessments of witness credibility. The appellate court typically does not overturn such findings unless there is a clear error. The fact that the judge stated the findings on the record and neither party objected further supports the deference given to the trial judge's determinations.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A construction contractor brought a breach of contract claim in federal court against a homeowner who had hired the contractor to build an apartment over an existing garage. The action turned on the scope of the work covered by the contract. The contractor and the homeowner were the only witnesses at the bench trial, and they strongly disagreed about the scope of the work. At the end of the trial, the judge stated findings of fact on the record but never issued a written opinion. Neither party objected to the findings. The judge found in favor of the homeowner, and the contractor appealed. Is the appellate court likely to overturn the findings?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the appellate court must give due regard to the trial judge's opportunity to determine witness credibility.","Yes, because the contractor and homeowner had different views on the scope of the work.","Yes, because a judge must set forth findings of fact in a written opinion or memorandum of decision.","No, because the judge's findings of fact were stated on the record.","Yes, because the homeowner was found in favor.","No, because the contractor brought the claim in federal court.","Yes, because there were disputed issues of fact at trial.","No, because the contractor didn't provide sufficient evidence to support the claim.","Yes, because the appellate court has the power to overturn the findings.","No, because the contractor failed to object to the findings when the judge stated them in open court."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1426,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless it falls within an exception. However, statements made by a party-opponent (in this case, the store manager) are not considered hearsay under the Federal Rules of Evidence. Offers to pay medical expenses are generally inadmissible to prove liability for the injury, but statements accompanying such offers may be admissible if they contain admissions of fault.\n\nThe statement \"I'm so sorry about the water on the floor there\" can be seen as an admission of fault and is thus admissible as a statement of an opposing party. However, \"the store will pay for the ambulance and your hospital bill\" is an offer to pay medical expenses and is inadmissible to prove liability.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A plaintiff sued a department store for injuries she sustained when she slipped and fell in the store. At trial, the plaintiff proposes to testify that, when the store manager rushed to the scene, he said to the plaintiff, \"I'm so sorry about the water on the floor there, but don't worry Â€Â”the store will pay for the ambulance and your hospital bill.\" The store's attorney objects. How should the court rule on the admissibility of the store manager's testimony?","score":1,"choices":["The testimony is inadmissible, because it is considered a hearsay exception for statements of personal or family history.","The testimony about the water is an admissible statement of an opposing party, but the rest of the testimony is inadmissible as an offer to pay medical expenses.","The testimony is inadmissible in its entirety, because it is hearsay not within any exception.","The testimony is admissible in its entirety as the statement of an opposing party.","The testimony is admissible in its entirety, because it is considered a party admission.","The testimony is inadmissible in its entirety, because the manager's statement is in the context of an offer to pay medical expenses.","The testimony is admissible in its entirety as a res gestae statement.","The testimony is inadmissible because it violates the rule against hearsay, with no applicable exceptions.","The testimony about the water is inadmissible, but the statement about paying for the ambulance and hospital bill is admissible as an admission of guilt.","The testimony is inadmissible in its entirety, because it is an out-of-court statement offered for the truth of the matter asserted."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1427,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has addressed similar issues in cases such as Enmund v. Florida (1982) and Tison v. Arizona (1987). In Enmund, the Court held that the death penalty is disproportionate for a defendant who did not kill, attempt to kill, or intend that a killing take place or that lethal force be used. However, in Tison, the Court held that major participation in the felony combined with reckless indifference to human life can justify the death penalty.\n\nGiven these precedents, the most likely holding would be that the defendant's lack of intent to kill makes the application of the death penalty unconstitutional, aligning with the principles established in Enmund.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man participated in a bank robbery as the driver of the getaway vehicle. The other conspirators assured him there would be no injuries or killings, but while in the bank they killed two people. Pursuant to the state's felony murder rule, the getaway driver was convicted of first degree murder, and sentenced to death. After exhausting his appeals, the United States Supreme Court agreed to hear his case. He argued that he did not intend to kill and was not even present. What is the most likely holding of the Supreme Court?","score":0,"choices":["The defendant's lack of intent to kill makes the application of the death penalty unconstitutional.","The Supreme Court cannot interfere with a state's application of the felony murder rule.","The felony murder rule is constitutional, but the defendant's execution is not justified in this case.","The felony murder rule is unconstitutional and the defendant's conviction must be reversed.","The defendant's role as a getaway driver does not justify a first degree murder charge.","The Eighth Amendment does not protect the defendant from execution in felony murder cases.","The defendant cannot be held responsible for the actions of his co-conspirators.","It is constitutional for a state to authorize the execution of an individual who participates in a robbery in which another robber takes life.","A conviction of first degree murder justifies the execution as long as aggravating circumstances are found to exist.","The execution of the defendant constitutes cruel and unusual punishment under the Eighth Amendment and cannot be allowed."],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":1428,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has often ruled on cases involving land use and zoning laws, particularly in the context of the Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause, which prohibits the government from taking private property for public use without just compensation. However, not all regulations that limit the use of property constitute a \"taking.\" The key factor is whether the regulation deprives the property owner of all economically viable use of their land.\n\nIn this case, since the ordinance allows for up to five residences, it does not deprive the partnership of all economic use of their property. Therefore, it is likely that the Supreme Court would find that the regulation does not constitute a taking without just compensation.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A partnership purchased five acres of unimproved land for purposes of residential development. A state law was subsequently passed requiring the city to prepare a general plan governing both land use and open-space development. The city's plan, with new density requirements, effectively limited development of the five-acre lot to a total of one to five single family residences. The partnership sued the city, asking for a declaratory judgment that the city had taken its property without just compensation in violation of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments. The partnership lost at the local and appellate levels. The United States Supreme Court agreed to hear the case Â€Â” what did it decide?","score":0,"choices":["This was an unlawful taking without prior notice and therefore unconstitutional.","The law was a violation of the due process clause of the U.S. Constitution.","The partnership had no standing to sue and therefore the case was dismissed.","The ordinance allows for up to five residences and therefore it is constitutional.","The law was a violation of the takings clause of the U.S. Constitution without just compensation.","The partnership was not deprived of all economic use of their property and therefore it is constitutional.","The law was a violation of the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution.","The law was a violation of the ex post facto clause of the U.S. Constitution.","The zoning decision was within the city's rights and therefore constitutional.","This was illegal spot zoning that was unconstitutional."],"correct":"D","answer":"F"}
{"number":1429,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, performance can be excused if it becomes impossible or impracticable due to unforeseen circumstances. Here, the engineer had a rare allergic reaction to a chemical agent in the mine, which was not known at the time of signing the contract. This health risk makes it impracticable for him to perform his duties, thus excusing his nonperformance.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"An engineer signed a two-year contract to serve as the chief safety engineer for a coal mine at a salary of $7,000 per month. The position required the engineer to work underground each workday. After one week on the job, the engineer became very ill. He requested testing of the mine air system, which revealed the presence of a chemical agent to which the engineer had a rare allergic reaction. The engineer promptly quit. The coal mine then hired a qualified replacement for the remainder of the engineer's contract at a salary of $7,500 per month. Assume that no statute or regulation applies. If the coal mine sues the engineer for breach of contract, is the coal mine likely to recover damages?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the risk to the engineer's health excused his nonperformance of the contract.","Yes, because the coal mine suffered a financial loss due to the higher salary of the replacement.","No, because an at-will employee has the right to terminate an employment contract.","Yes, because the mine is reasonably safe for most people.","Yes, because the coal mine had no knowledge of the engineer's allergy.","No, because the engineer was not aware of his allergy at the time of contract signing.","No, because the engineer had a valid reason for quitting the job.","Yes, because the engineer failed to fulfill the contract obligation.","No, because the presence of the chemical agent made the work environment unsafe for the engineer.","Yes, because the coal mine acted in good faith in mitigating the effect of the engineer's failure to finish the contract term."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1430,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, a prior identification by a witness who is available for cross-examination is admissible as substantive evidence. The owner's previous identification of the photograph can be considered a prior identification, and since the owner is available to testify and be cross-examined, this evidence should be admissible.\nAnswer: A","question":"A heavyset man with long red hair robbed a liquor store. Thereafter, a man was arrested and charged with the armed robbery. At the man's trial, the owner of the liquor store was called to testify. He admitted that he was unable to identify the man, who now had a shaven head, as the robber. The prosecuting attorney then handed the owner six photographs. He proposed to testify, over defense objections, that he had previously told the prosecuting attorney that picture #4, admittedly a picture of the man before he shaved his head, was a picture of the person who robbed his store. The owner's proffered testimony should be adjudged","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a prior identification by the witness.","inadmissible, due to the potential for bias or suggestion.","admissible as past recollection recorded.","admissible, as it is the owner's personal account of the event.","inadmissible, because it is a violation of the man's right of confrontation.","admissible, because it is relevant to the case.","inadmissible, as it is based on a photograph and not a live lineup.","admissible, as it provides critical evidence for the case.","inadmissible, because the owner failed to identify the man in court."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1431,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The Parol Evidence Rule generally prevents the introduction of evidence of prior or contemporaneous oral agreements that contradict a written contract. However, if the written contract is partially integrated (i.e., it does not contain all terms of the agreement), additional consistent terms may be admitted. In this case, the contract did not specify a time of completion and did not contain a merger clause, suggesting it may be partially integrated. Therefore, evidence of the oral agreement concerning the 60-day completion term would not contradict the written contract but rather add to it.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A contractor agreed to remodel a homeowner's garage for $5,000. Just before the parties signed the one-page written contract, the homeowner called to the contractor's attention the fact that the contract did not specify a time of completion. The parties orally agreed but did not specify in the contract that the contractor would complete the work in 60 days, and then they both signed the contract. The contract did not contain a merger clause. The contractor failed to finish the work in 60 days. The homeowner has sued the contractor for breach of contract. Is the court likely to admit evidence concerning the parties' oral agreement that the work would be completed in 60 days?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the oral agreement contradicts the written contract.","Yes, because the homeowner brought up the time limit before signing the contract.","Yes, because the homeowner can provide evidence of the oral agreement.","Yes, because the time limit is an additional term that does not contradict the partially integrated written contract.","No, because the oral agreement is considered hearsay.","No, because the contract is a fully integrated written contract.","Yes, because the court can consider oral agreements in absence of a merger clause.","No, because the court must ascertain the meaning of the agreement from the terms of the written contract.","Yes, because the contract is ambiguous.","No, because the oral agreement was merely part of the parties' negotiations."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1432,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. At common law, when a tenant holds over after the expiration of a lease term and continues to pay rent, the landlord has the option to treat the tenant as a tenant at sufferance or as a tenant holding over for another term. If the landlord accepts rent, it typically creates a periodic tenancy (often month-to-month if rent is paid monthly). Before accepting the first rental payment after the end of the initial three-year period, the retiree could have required that the artist move out immediately or be held responsible for another term's rent (typically another year if it was a yearly lease).\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A retiree owned a building in a city. Several years ago, an artist, in a signed writing, entered a three- year lease agreement with the retiree. The artist agreed to pay $800 monthly rent for the third-floor apartment in the retiree's building. The original three-year term had long since expired, but the artist has continued to pay his rent, and the retiree continued to accept it. The building became infested with rats after a restaurant was opened in the adjacent building. The artist could not tolerate the rats and served notice on the retiree that he was moving to another city and has not been heard from since. At common law, what remedy was available to the retiree before she accepted the first rental payment after the end of the initial three-year period?","score":1,"choices":["Recovery of double the rent prorated on a monthly basis for the number of months the artist was on the premises beyond the three- year period.","Sue the artist for damages due to the infestation of rats.","Recovery of the difference between the lease price and the fair market value of the leasehold for a year.","Eviction of the artist for non-payment of rent.","Require that the artist move out immediately or be held responsible for three years' rent.","Seek a court order to compel the artist to continue the lease for another three years.","Require the artist to pay for the extermination of the rats.","Terminate the lease agreement without any further obligations.","Recovery of triple the rent prorated on a monthly basis for the number of months the artist was on the premises beyond the three- year period."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1433,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The workman was subcontracted by the carpeting company, meaning his agreement and expectation of payment were with the carpeting company, not directly with the husband and wife. The husband and wife fulfilled their obligation by paying the carpeting company. Therefore, the workman's recourse for payment should be against the entity that hired him, which is the carpeting company.\nAnswer: D","question":"A husband and wife were about to leave on vacation for one month. They thought it would be a great idea to have new carpeting installed in their home while they were away. They contacted a reputable carpeting company, which offered to do the job for $7,000. The husband and wife agreed, gave a set of house keys to the carpeting company, and left on vacation. A week later, the carpeting company discovered that they had overbooked their installation staff and could not finish all of the jobs for which they had contracted. The carpeting company contacted a workman whom they had used before, and told him about the job they were to perform for the husband and wife. The workman agreed to do the installation in exchange for the payment from the husband and wife. When the husband and wife returned from vacation, they were happy with the work and sent a check for $7,000 to the carpeting company, which deposited the check. If the workman now seeks to recover for services he performed, he will","score":1,"choices":["not recover, because he agreed to perform the services without a direct contract with the husband and wife.","recover against the husband and wife only.","not recover, because the carpeting company already received payment.","recover against the carpeting company only.","not recover, because he did not have a written contract.","recover against the carpeting company, because they were the ones who contracted him.","recover against the husband and wife, because they were the ultimate beneficiaries of his work.","not recover, because he was not in privity of contract.","recover against both the husband and wife and the carpeting company.","recover against either the husband and wife or the carpeting company."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1434,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The contract explicitly states that \"The rights under this contract are not to be assigned.\" This means that any assignment of rights under the contract would be invalid without the consent of the homeowner. Therefore, the homeowner would not be obligated to pay the nephew because the assignment was prohibited by the terms of the contract.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"On May 1, a homeowner and a painter entered into a contract whereby the painter was to paint the homeowner's home in exchange for $10,000. The contract stated:\"The painting is to be done during the month of June, and payment is to be made within one week after the painting is completed. The rights under this contact are not to be assigned. \"The painter started the painting on June 1. On June 10, the painter assigned to his nephew the right to receive payment on the painter's contract with the homeowner. Which of the following statements is most accurate with regard to the painter's assignment to his nephew?","score":0,"choices":["The assignment would constitute a novation, relieving the homeowner of liability.","The assignment would be valid only if the homeowner consents to it.","The assignment would be effective only after the painting is completed.","The assignment would be revocable even if it were reduced to writing and signed by the painter.","The assignment would be irrevocable if it were reduced to writing and signed by the painter.","The assignment would not constitute a novation, relieving the homeowner of liability.","Since personal service contracts of this nature are nonassignable, the homeowner would be under no duty to pay the nephew.","The homeowner would not be obligated to pay the nephew, since the contract was nonassignable.","The homeowner would be obligated to pay the nephew, since the contract was assignable."],"correct":"E","answer":"H"}
{"number":1435,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The agreement between the doctor and the mining company was recorded and provided a perpetual easement for the use of the pathway. Easements that are duly recorded and run with the land are binding on subsequent owners. The buyer, having purchased the property after this agreement was recorded, is bound by this easement.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A doctor was the owner of 1,500 acres of undeveloped timberland. In September 1989, the doctor executed a warranty deed conveying the timberland property to a dentist in fee simple. The dentist recorded immediately in the Grantor Â€Â”Grantee Index. Then in April 1990, the dentist conveyed the same tract to a buyer in fee simple by warranty deed. The buyer paid full market value and recorded the deed at once in the Grantor Â€Â”Grantee Index. The land in question had never been occupied, fenced, or cleared except that between the years 1986 Â€Â”2010, a mining company, one mile from the property, regularly drove trucks over a cleared path pursuant to a 1986 agreement with the doctor. The agreement, which was duly recorded, provided that \"the parties expressly agree and the doctor promises that the doctor and his successors shall refrain from obstructing the said described pathway across the doctor's land, which the mining company and its successors may perpetually use as a road, in consideration of which the mining company and its successors will pay the sum of $700 per annum. \"In 1990, after the conveyance from the dentist, the buyer informed the mining company that he would no longer honor the 1986 agreement permitting the mining company to use the pathway. The mining company brought an action for specific performance. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the buyer, because the mining company's use of the pathway was not a legally binding agreement.","the mining company, because the possessor of a servient interest would prevail against subsequent owners.","the mining company, because the agreement gives them perpetual use of the pathway.","the mining company, because the agreement was duly recorded and thus legally binding.","the buyer, because the mining company has no legal right to the use of the pathway.","the buyer, because there was no privity of estate between the buyer and the mining company.","the buyer, because the agreement was with the original landowner, not the buyer.","the mining company, because they have paid an annual fee for the use of the pathway.","the mining company, because their property interest would \"run with the land. \"","the buyer, because the mining company's interest was extinguished by the subsequent conveyance."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1436,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The collector's initial offer was open until May 15, and the acceptance was sent on May 12, within the specified timeframe. However, the retailer had knowledge of the sale through a reputable source before sending the acceptance email. This knowledge effectively terminated the power of acceptance because it indicated that the subject matter of the contract was no longer available.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Over the years, a coin collector had amassed a large and valuable collection. On May 1, the collector sent the following letter to a retailer who had long coveted the collector's coin collection:\"I've decided to part with my coin collection. Since you've always been interested in purchasing my collection for your store, I'll sell you my entire collection for $50,000. You have until May 15 to make up your mind. \"The retailer received this letter on May 3. On May 10, without notif'ing the retailer, the collector sold her coin collection to a novice collector, for $60,000. The next day, the collector sent a letter to the retailer, regretfully informing him that she had sold the coin collection. This letter was received by the retailer on May 13. However, on May 12, the retailer read an article on the internet, published by a reputable site that reports coin collecting news, concerning the collector's sale of her coin collection to the novice collector. After reading the article, the retailer immediately sent an e-mail to the collector accepting her offer to buy the coin collection. This e-mail was read by the collector that same afternoon, May 12. In all likelihood was the retailer's e-mail to the collector on May 12 effective as an acceptance?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the retailer should have responded to the initial letter before the collection was sold to the novice collector.","No, because the collector had already sold the collection before the retailer's acceptance, making it invalid.","No, because the retailer's acceptance was not valid as the collection had already been sold.","Yes, because the retailer's knowledge of the sale to the novice collector was not confirmed until after he sent his acceptance e-mail.","Yes, because the retailer's acceptance was made within the specified timeframe.","No, because the retailer's reading the article on the internet on May 12 terminated the retailer's power of acceptance.","Yes, because consideration is not necessary under the UCC for the creation of a sale of goods contract.","Yes, because the collector's May 11 letter did not effectuate a revocation, since it was not received by the retailer until May 13.","Yes, because the retailer's e-mail was sent before receiving the collector's May 11 letter."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1437,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The doctrine of \"defense of others\" allows a person to use reasonable force to protect another person from imminent harm. In this case, the host intervened to prevent an imminent attack with a knife, which is a potentially lethal situation. The host's use of force with a baseball bat to prevent the attack can be considered reasonable under the circumstances.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A man hosted several friends at his home for dinner. Two of the guests got into an argument, and one of them got up from the table and lunged at the other with a large hunting knife. The host stepped in with a baseball bat and hit the attacker in the chest with it, preventing the imminent contact by the attacker with his target. The blow knocked the attacker down and caused several broken ribs. The injured guest sued the host for aggravated assault and battery. Is the court likely to grant the host's motion to dismiss the claim for failure to state a sufficient claim for relief?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the host's use of force was excessive under the circumstances.","Yes, because the host's actions were justified under the doctrine of necessity.","No, because the host's use of a weapon escalated the situation.","No, because the host should have called the police instead of intervening.","No, because the host had a duty to retreat before using force.","Yes, because the host has the privilege of host immunity.","No, because the host escalated the conflict by getting involved.","Yes, because the host was acting in self-defense.","Yes, because the injured guest was committing a crime when the host intervened.","Yes, because the host had the privilege of \"defense of others.\""],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1438,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, assault is defined as an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact. The first friend intended to place the second friend in apprehension by pulling the trigger of a gun he knew was loaded, even though the second friend was unaware of this fact. The key element here is the intent to create apprehension, not whether physical harm occurred.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Two friends were members of a fraternity at their college. During homecoming weekend, the fraternity held a big party, which was widely attended by students and alumni. At the party, the two friends were horsing around when the first friend pulled out a revolver. He gave the revolver's cylinder a spin, put the barrel of the gun to the second friend's head and, intending to scare the second friend, said, \"Hey, man, let's play Russian roulette. \" The second friend, who had consumed a fifth of bourbon, was very intoxicated. Thinking that the gun was unloaded, the second friend responded, \"Sure, dude. \" The first friend then pulled the trigger. The gun just made a clicking sound as the hammer fell on an empty chamber of the cylinder. The two friends both laughed and continued partying. Unbeknownst to the second friend, the first friend had placed bullets in two of the revolver's six firing chambers before making his challenge. The next day, the second friend found out that the gun was, in fact, loaded when the first friend pulled the trigger. If the second friend asserts a tort action against the first friend, he will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the first friend intended to place the second friend in apprehension.","prevail, because the first friend showed gross negligence.","not prevail, because there was no physical harm inflicted on the second friend.","prevail, because the first friend's actions were reckless and dangerous.","prevail, because there was a substantial certainty that the second friend would be placed in apprehension.","not prevail, because the second friend was unaware that the gun was loaded.","not prevail, because the first friend did not actually intend to harm the second friend.","not prevail, because the second friend consented to participate in the Russian roulette game.","not prevail, because the second friend was under the influence of alcohol."],"correct":"F","answer":"A"}
{"number":1439,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The \"attractive nuisance\" doctrine can apply when a property owner knows or should know that children are likely to trespass and the condition on the land is one that poses an unreasonable risk of harm to children. However, in this case, the boy is 15 years old, which may be considered old enough to understand the risks involved in sledding. Additionally, the boy was a trespasser, and generally, property owners owe limited duty to trespassers except to refrain from willful or wanton harm. Given these considerations, the most appropriate answer is that the boy will not recover because he was a trespasser.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A 15-year-old boy was sledding down a pathway through a wooded area of land owned by a woman. The boy had frequently used the pathway for sledding in the previous months. The path, made of concrete, led through the woods from a public highway to a pond in the rear of the woman's property. The pathway was used for sledding and the pond for skating by the residents of the neighboring areas, without the consent of the woman. Furthermore, the woman failed to post any signs forbidding trespassing. After the boy had been sledding down the pathway for approximately three hours one morning, he lost control of the sled, and steered it into a tree. The boy suffered serious injuries in the crash. If a suit is brought on the boy's behalf against the woman for the boy's personal injuries, the plaintiff will","score":0,"choices":["not recover, because the boy had been sledding for an extended period without incident.","recover, because the woman did not put up any signs forbidding trespassing.","recover, because the woman knew or should have known of the frequent trespasses.","recover, because the woman did not maintain the safety of her property.","not recover, because sledding is inherently dangerous.","recover, under the \"attractive nuisance\" doctrine.","recover, because the pathway was indirectly inviting for such activities.","not recover, because a 15-year-old boy should have realized the risk.","not recover, because the boy was a trespasser."],"correct":"H","answer":"I"}
{"number":1440,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Voluntary intoxication is generally not a defense to crimes that require only general intent, such as criminal battery. Criminal battery typically requires only the intent to perform the act that results in harmful or offensive contact, not a specific intent to cause harm. Therefore, voluntary intoxication would not negate the general intent required for criminal battery.\nAnswer: B","question":"After a party where the adults all drank alcohol, with everyone having at least six beers, they started up a game of baseball. The host supplied the bats, balls and gloves. An argument arose at home plate after a controversial call by the umpire, who was inebriated like all of the other participants. The host of the party became enraged at the umpire's decision and hit him in the face, breaking his nose. The umpire pressed charges when he became sober, and the authorities charged the host with criminal battery. At trial, the defense raised the defense of voluntary intoxication, arguing that the host lacked the mentality to form an intent to commit a criminal battery. Will the defense of voluntary intoxication be successful under these facts?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, voluntary intoxication is always at least a partial defense to any crime that requires mens rea.","No, criminal battery in this case is a general intent crime and the defense of voluntary intoxication is not available.","No, because the host was the organizer of the party and should have had control over the situation.","No, the host was grossly negligent in allowing a group of drunk men to play a dangerous game of hardball, which precluded him from the benefit of the defense.","Yes, criminal battery is a specific intent crime to which voluntary intoxication may be asserted as a defense.","No, because the host willingly drank the alcohol and should have known the possible consequences.","Yes, because the umpire was also intoxicated and could have misjudged the situation.","No, because the host used excessive force in a situation that did not warrant it.","Yes, because the umpire provoked the host by making an unfair call.","Yes, because the host was not in his right mind due to the alcohol."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1441,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The woman has a direct contractual relationship with the handyman, not the repair store. The handyman subcontracted the repair store without the woman's knowledge. Therefore, if the microwave is not repaired, the womanâ€™s primary cause of action would be against the handyman, who failed to fulfill his contractual obligation to her. The repair store's obligation is to the handyman, not directly to the woman.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A woman needed to have her microwave repaired. She contacted the local handyman, who said he could repair the microwave for $100. The woman readily agreed and delivered the microwave to the handyman, who promised to have it ready in two weeks. One week later, the handyman realized that he had so much work to do that he would not be able to repair the microwave on time. He then took the microwave to a repair store. The repair store agreed to repair the microwave for $80 within one week. The owner of the repair store that contracted with the handyman was unaware that the woman actually owned the microwave. If the repair store fails to repair the microwave, which of the following is the most accurate statement?","score":1,"choices":["The woman has a cause of action against the repair store, but only if the handyman does not pay the repair bill.","The woman has a cause of action against the handyman and the repair store, but only if the repair is not completed on time.","The woman has no cause of action against either the repair store or the handyman.","The woman has no cause of action as she agreed to the repair without a specific completion date.","The woman has a cause of action against the repair store, but only if they knew she was the true owner of the microwave.","The woman has a cause of action against the repair store only.","The woman has a cause of action against the handyman, but only if the microwave is not repaired.","The woman has a cause of action against the handyman only.","The woman has a cause of action against both the repair store and the handyman.","The woman has a cause of action against both the repair store and the handyman, but only if the handyman fails to pay the repair bill."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1442,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The covenants of seisin and right to convey are breached if the grantor does not own the estate he purports to convey or does not have the authority to convey it. The covenant against encumbrances is breached if there are any undisclosed encumbrances on the property at the time of conveyance. Since the buyer was evicted due to paramount title, it indicates that there was a breach of these covenants by the farmer.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A farmer conveyed 100 acres of his farm to a landscaper. The deed contained the following covenants: (1) seisin, (2) right to convey, and (3) against encumbrances. Subsequently, the landscaper conveyed the property to a buyer by warranty deed. However, the buyer is later evicted by a woman because of paramount title. The buyer now brings suit against the farmer for breach of covenants in the deed. Judgment should be for","score":0,"choices":["the buyer, but only for the covenants of seisinand right to convey.","the buyer, because the covenants of seisin and right to convey were breached by the farmer.","the farmer, because the buyer should have conducted a thorough title search before purchasing the property.","the buyer, because the covenant against encumbrances was breached by the farmer.","the farmer, because the buyer did not directly purchase the land from him.","the farmer, because no privity of estate existsbetween the buyer and the farmer.","the farmer, because the buyer was evicted due to a problem not related to the covenants in the deed.","the farmer, because the covenants are personalin nature and do not run with the land.","the buyer, because the warranty deed guarantees clear title."],"correct":"H","answer":"B"}
{"number":1443,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Statute of Frauds requires certain contracts to be in writing to be enforceable, including contracts for the sale of goods priced at $500 or more. The contract between the manufacturer and the supplier for 300 washing machine motors at $300 each falls under this requirement. \n\nFor a writing to satisfy the Statute of Frauds, it must:\n1. Indicate that a contract has been made.\n2. Be signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.\n3. Specify a quantity.\n\nIn this case, the note sent by the manufacturer's representative does not contain a signature and does not specify the quantity term (300 motors). Therefore, it does not satisfy the Statute of Frauds requirements.\n\nThe supplier's defense is likely to succeed because there is no written agreement that meets these criteria.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"On June 1, an appliance manufacturer telephoned a supplier to determine whether the supplier could provide 300 washing machine motors of a particular model by October 1. The supplier offered to do so at a price of $300 per motor (a total price of $90,000). The manufacturer's representative said, \"Deal.\" The next day the manufacturer's representative sent the supplier an unsigned note on company letterhead that stated, \"I am happy that you are going to supply us with the motors. I will call you soon to talk about another order.\" The manufacturer then sent catalogs to its regular customers advertising washing machines that included the specified motors. The manufacturer did not hear from the supplier until July 1, when the supplier called to say that it would be unable to supply the motors because it was no longer carrying that model. At that time, the manufacturer had received no orders for the machines with the specified motors. The manufacturer sued the supplier for breach of contract, and the supplier raised the statute of frauds as a defense. Is the supplier's statute of frauds defense likely to succeed?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the manufacturer had not received any orders for the machines with the specified motors at the time of the supplier's refusal.","No, because the manufacturer's representative verbally agreed to the deal over the phone.","No, because the supplier failed to object to the contents of the note sent by the manufacturer.","Yes, because the supplier was no longer carrying the model of the motor at the time of the call.","Yes, because there is no writing that contains the quantity term of the contract.","Yes, because the manufacturer's note failed to contain a signature.","No, because the manufacturer's representative sent the note on company letterhead.","No, because the supplier did not inform the manufacturer about not being able to supply the motors in time.","Yes, because the supplier never agreed to the contract in writing.","No, because the manufacturer distributed the catalogs in reliance on the contract, making the contract enforceable under the statute of frauds."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1444,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The contract between the nephew and the agent stipulated that the agent would be paid a commission of 5 percent on the gross sale price following the consummation of the sale and transfer of title. The key issue here is whether the agent's duty to receive the commission was contingent upon the actual consummation of the sale and transfer of title, which did not occur due to the developer's repudiation.\n\nThe agent found a buyer and facilitated a signed agreement between the nephew and the developer. However, since the sale was not consummated, it can be argued that the condition precedent for paying the commission (the consummation of the sale) was not met. Therefore, under strict contract terms, no commission would be due.\n\nHowever, there is an argument to be made that if the failure to consummate was beyond the agent's control and he fulfilled his obligations under the brokerage agreement (finding a ready, willing, and able buyer), he might still be entitled to his commission. This would depend on whether courts interpret such conditions as being excused when prevented by external factors.\n\nGiven these considerations, option I seems most aligned with standard contractual interpretations where conditions precedent are strictly enforced unless explicitly excused.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A nephew inherited a large parcel of unimproved land from his uncle. In need of cash, the nephew decided to sell the parcel. He contacted a real estate agent in the area about listing the parcel for sale. The nephew and the agent entered into a valid written contract whereby the agent promised to undertake best efforts to find a buyer for the parcel. The contract also provided that the agent was to be paid a commission of 5 percent on the gross sale price following the consummation of the sale and transfer of title. The agent succeeded in finding a buyer for the parcel. The agent notified the nephew that he had found a developer who wanted to purchase the parcel for $500,000. The agent handed the nephew a real estate sales contract, signed by the developer, in which the developer agreed to pay $500,000 for the purchase of the parcel. The nephew then signed the agreement himself. However, before consummation of the sale and transfer of title, the developer, without cause, repudiated the contract. Despite the agent's insistence, the nephew refused to either sue the developer to enforce the land sale contract or pay the agent his commission. If the agent sues the nephew for breach of the brokerage agreement, which of the following, if anything, is the agent's proper measure of recovery?","score":1,"choices":["Nothing, because the nephew did not breach the brokerage agreement.","$25,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for $500,000, because all conditions precedent to the nephew's duty to pay the commission were substantially fulfilled when the nephew and the developer entered into the land sale contract.","$10,000, as a partial commission due to the agent's work done before the sale was cancelled.","$12,500, or half the commission, because the sale reached the halfway point when the nephew and the developer signed the contract.","Nothing, because as a third-party beneficiary of the contract between the nephew and the developer, the agent can enforce the contract only against the developer, but not against the nephew.","$25,000, or the commission equivalent of 5 percent on the sale of the property for$500,000, because fulfillment of the consummation condition was prevented by an event beyond the agent's control.","$25,000, because the agent provided a buyer and thus fulfilled his part of the contract.","Nothing, because the sale did not go through and hence no commission is due.","Nothing, because the consummation condition has not been fulfilled, and the nephew's refusal to sue the developer will not excuse that condition.","$25,000, because the agent upheld his end of the contract in making his best efforts to find a buyer for the parcel."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1445,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment protects commercial speech, but it is not as protected as other types of speech. The Central Hudson test is used to determine if a regulation on commercial speech is constitutional. This test includes four parts: whether the speech concerns lawful activity and is not misleading, whether the asserted government interest is substantial, whether the regulation directly advances that interest, and whether it is not more extensive than necessary to serve that interest. In this case, while the government has a substantial interest in preventing health risks, a complete ban on advertising may be seen as more extensive than necessary.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"On the basis of scientific studies showing a causal relationship between the consumption of \"red meat\" (principally beef) and certain forms of cancer, a federal statute prohibits all commercial advertising of red meat products. The statute does not, however, restrict the sale of red meat products. Producers of red meat have challenged the statute as a violation of their free speech rights protected by the First Amendment. Is the court likely to find the statute constitutional?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because it is directly related to the government's interest in preventing health risks.","No, because it unfairly targets a specific industry.","Yes, because it only restricts commercial advertising, not personal speech.","No, because it is more extensive than necessary to serve the government interest in preventing certain cancers.","Yes, because it restricts potentially harmful information from reaching the public.","No, because it does not provide an alternative method for meat producers to advertise their products.","No, because it does not serve a substantial government interest.","Yes, because it serves a legitimate government interest in protecting public health.","Yes, because it does not affect speech protected by the First Amendment.","No, because it violates the producers' right to commercial speech."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1446,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Â§ 2-207, a contract can be formed even if the acceptance contains additional or different terms, unless the acceptance is expressly made conditional on assent to the additional or different terms. In this case, a contract was formed when the seller mailed its acknowledgment and shipped the nails. However, whether the arbitration term becomes part of the contract depends on whether it materially alters the original offer. If it does materially alter the contract, it would not automatically become part of the contract unless expressly agreed upon by both parties.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Question 13. A buyer sent a signed letter to a seller that stated: \"Ship 100 boxes of nails at $3 per box, the price quoted in your circular.\" The seller mailed the buyer a signed form acknowledgment that agreed to the buyer's terms and stated on the reverse side: \"Disputes regarding quality shall be arbitrated.\" The buyer did not reply to the seller's acknowledgment, and the seller shipped the nails. When the buyer received the nails, it found their quality to be unsatisfactory and sued the seller for breach of warranty. The seller has asked an attorney whether the parties' contract requires arbitration of the buyer's claim. What is the best advice the attorney can provide?","score":1,"choices":["A contract was formed when the buyer received the nails, but the arbitration term is not valid as it was not explicitly agreed upon by the buyer.","A contract was formed pursuant to conduct when the buyer received the nails, and a court would exclude the arbitration provision from the contract.","A contract was formed when the seller mailed its acknowledgment, and the arbitration term must be accepted by the buyer because it was included in the acknowledgment.","No contract exists, because the arbitration term in the seller's acknowledgment was a new term that was not in the original agreement.","No contract exists, because the arbitration term in the seller's acknowledgment created a counteroffer that the buyer never accepted.","A contract was formed when the buyer sent the letter, and the arbitration term is not valid because the buyer didn't agree to it.","A contract was formed when the seller mailed its acknowledgment, and the court must decide whether the arbitration term should be excluded as a material alteration of the contract.","A contract was formed when the seller mailed its acknowledgment, and the arbitration term automatically became part of the contract because the buyer didn't object.","A contract was formed when the seller mailed its acknowledgment, and the arbitration term became part of the contract. arbitration term became part of the contract.","No contract exists, because the buyer didn't respond to the seller's acknowledgment."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1447,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Strict liability in tort typically applies to manufacturers and sellers of defective products, not service providers. In this case, the doctor and hospital are primarily providing a service (surgery), not selling a product (the screws). Therefore, they would more likely be treated as service providers rather than product sellers under strict liability principles.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A woman broke her leg while skiing. She was taken to a hospital where she was treated by a doctor who determined that the woman would need surgery to set the broken bones so that they would heal properly. During the surgery, the doctor inserted several metal screws into the woman's leg to hold the bones together. Although the hospital charged the woman a substantial fee for the doctor's services, the bill did not include a separate charge for the cost of the bone screws. A few months after the surgery, the woman's leg still was not fully healed. The doctor eventually concluded that the screws that were inserted into the woman's leg had been defective. The woman was forced to have a second surgery to replace the defective screws. If the woman asserts a strict tort liability claim against the doctor and the hospital for using defective screws in her surgery, she will most likely","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, because the doctor and the hospital can argue that the defect was not apparent during the surgery.","prevail, because the doctor and the hospital provided a product to her that was defective and unreasonably dangerous.","prevail, because the doctor and the hospital failed to provide a follow-up check on the screws used.","prevail, because the hospital and the doctor were negligent in their duty to ensure the safety of medical devices used.","not prevail, because the doctor and the hospital did not manufacture the screws and, therefore, the defect in the screws was not their fault.","not prevail, because the doctor and the hospital will be treated as service providers rather than product sellers.","not prevail, because the hospital did not separately charge for the screws, thus they cannot be held responsible.","prevail, because the doctor and the hospital did not inform her about the potential risks of defective screws.","not prevail, because the doctor and the hospital are not liable for defects in medical devices they did not manufacture.","prevail, because the doctor and the hospital probably would have realized the screws were defective if they had carefully examined them."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1448,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence cases, liability often hinges on whether the harm was foreseeable and whether the defendant breached a duty of care. The construction company had a duty to secure the worksite and warn pedestrians of potential hazards. The \"rescue doctrine\" in tort law states that if a person is injured while attempting to rescue someone in danger due to another's negligence, the original negligent party can be held liable for the rescuer's injuries because such rescue attempts are considered foreseeable.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A construction company was doing repairs and replacing portions of a sidewalk and railing next to a lake. The construction crew started tearing out the old sidewalk and railing, but stopped work when it started to get dark. The construction crew left without putting up a warning sign or barrier around the work area. A few hours later, a jogger came along the sidewalk. Not realizing the construction work was in progress there, the jogger stumbled and fell at the spot where the construction crew had torn up the sidewalk and railing. The jogger fell into the lake. As the jogger was attempting to stay afloat, he began screaming, \"Help! Help! I can't swim. I'm drowning. \" His screams attracted the attention of a person who was passing on his bicycle. The cyclist immediately hurried to assist the jogger. As the cyclist was leaning over the edge of the lake, trying to help the jogger get out of the water, he lost his balance and fell into the lake. Both the jogger and cyclist suffered serious bodily injuries before they were pulled out of the water by police. In a negligence action by the cyclist to recover for his personal injuries, the construction company will most probably","score":1,"choices":["not be held liable, because the construction company could not foresee that anyone would be hurt while trying to rescue someone from the lake.","not be held liable, because the cyclist assumed the risk by leaning over the edge of the lake.","not be held liable, because it was the jogger's responsibility to avoid the construction area.","be held liable, because they did not properly secure the worksite after finishing for the day.","be held liable, because the construction company would be strictly liable to anyone injured by the failure to put adequate warnings or barriers around the site of the sidewalk repairs.","be held liable, because the cyclist's attempt to rescue the jogger was foreseeable.","not be held liable, because the jogger should have been aware of the construction work.","be held liable, because they failed to provide adequate lighting for the construction site.","not be held liable, because the cyclist voluntarily put himself in danger."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1449,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Federal courts are limited to deciding actual \"cases\" or \"controversies\" under Article III of the Constitution. They do not issue advisory opinions, which are opinions on hypothetical situations or abstract questions of law. The women's group is seeking a declaratory judgment to determine whether the men's club is subject to the state's anti-discrimination act, which could be seen as seeking an advisory opinion rather than resolving an actual dispute.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A women's action group attempted for many months, unsuccessfully, to reach an agreement with the local professional men's club to admit women to membership. The women's group instituted a suit for a declaratory judgment in federal court to determine whether the men's club was subject to the state's anti-discrimination act. Prior to the elections for city officials, four members of the women's group were sent to picket the offices of the mayor and district attorney, both prominent members of the men's club. Two members walked outside the front of the mayor's office building, carrying signs that read, \"The mayor is supposed to serve all the people but his lunch club is for men ONLY. So don't vote for him. \" The other two pickets walked outside the rear of the district attorney's office building, carrying similar signs, telling the public not to vote for him. This picketing was carried on from 9 A. M. to 5 P. M. The same day, two more pickets were assigned to carry identical signs in front of the mayor's official residence. Two pickets also carried duplicate signs in front of the district attorney's suburban home during the early evening hours. The picketing at all sites was held peacefully without any disturbance. The relevant city ordinances concerning picketing read as follows:\"Section 201. No picketing shall be permitted inside of, or on any sidewalk or street immediately adjacent or contiguous to, city hall, without express permission of the mayor. Applications for such permission shall be filed at least three days before such picketing is intended to begin and shall state the purpose, place, and time of the proposed picketing. Section 202. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in picketing before or about the residence of an individual. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the holding of a meeting or assembly on any premises used for the discussion of subjects of general public interest. \"The federal district court will most likely avoid making a decision on the merits of the suit for declaratory judgment because","score":1,"choices":["the women's group lacks standing.","the women's group has not exhausted all other legal remedies.","the federal court does not have jurisdiction over state laws.","the men's club is not a public entity.","the women's group did not obtain the mayor's permission for picketing.","the picketing does not violate the city ordinances.","the relief sought is essentially for an advisory opinion.","there is no case or controversy.","the case lacks adequate ripeness.","the picketing was peaceful and did not cause any disturbance."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1450,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Intentional infliction of emotional distress requires intentional or reckless conduct that is extreme and outrageous, which does not apply here. Assault and battery involve threats or physical harm, which did not occur. False imprisonment involves restraining someone against their will without legal justification, but the customer was not intentionally restrained by the ski resort. Invasion of privacy, defamation, and trespass are not relevant here. Breach of contract could be considered if there was a specific agreement violated, but the most fitting cause of action would likely be negligence, as the ski resort may have failed to ensure the lift's operation during a power failure.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A ski resort had a lift that carried customers from the bottom to the top of the ski slope. One afternoon, the lift suddenly broke down because of a power failure in the area. A customer was suspended in his lift chair, one-third of the way up the hill and 50 feet above the ground. The customer remained on the lift for five hours until power was restored. He was then returned uninjured to the bottom of the hill. In a suit against the ski resort, the customer is likely to have action for","score":0,"choices":["intentional infliction of emotional distress.","assault.","false imprisonment.","invasion of privacy.","negligence.","battery.","breach of contract.","defamation.","no cause of action.","trespass."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1451,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Option contracts are typically strictly enforced according to their terms. The option explicitly required that notices be delivered by personal delivery, commercial delivery service, or certified mail with return receipt requested. First class mail was not one of the specified methods, and the court is likely to enforce the terms as written to maintain commercial predictability and certainty in such transactions.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A seller listed real property for $500,000, which was set to expire on Aug.1. The current lessee of the premises, who had made substantial improvements to the property, wanted to buy at the full list price but needed extra time. He paid $10,000 for an option to be added to the lease, giving him an option to buy on or before Sept. 1. The option stated that all notices required under it \"shall be deemed given if given in writing and delivered personally, delivered by commercial delivery service, or by certified mail return receipt requested, to the party to receive the Notice\" That notice was required by Sept. 1. Buyer called Seller on Aug. 25 and told her that he was exercising the option, but Seller did not remember the words used. The Buyer sent written intent to exercise it by first class mail on Aug. 29 but the Seller later testified that she did not receive it until September 3. On September 10 she notified Buyer that the option expired and the deal was off. Buyer filed a specific performance action to compel the transaction. Is it likely that the Equity Court will grant the request for specific performance?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the option explicitly required that notices be delivered by one of the stated forms, and first class mail was not one of them.","Yes, the delay was minimal, the lessee would suffer hardship, and the wording of the notice requirement did not absolutely require one of the stated forms of notice.","Yes, because the Buyer made a good faith effort to notify the Seller within the required time.","No, because option contracts are strictly enforced and even a one-day delay cannot be allowed due to the need to have commercial predictability in such transactions.","Yes, because the Seller was informed of the Buyer's intent to exercise the option, regardless of the method of delivery.","No, because the Buyer did not fulfill the terms of the option within the allotted time.","No, because the Seller did not recall the phone conversation, and there's no proof of the same.","No, because the Seller would be prejudiced by having to sell after the option date.","Yes, the Seller was informed by phone call, which can be considered as personal delivery."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1452,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted, and generally inadmissible unless an exception applies. However, statements made by a party's agent or employee concerning a matter within the scope of their employment, made during the existence of the relationship, are considered non-hearsay under the Federal Rules of Evidence (Rule 801(d)(2)(D)). The broker's agent's testimony about what he heard the broker say falls under this category.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A married couple sued a real estate broker for misrepresentation and breach of contract in failing to live up to promises he made regarding the couple's purchase of a residence. They claimed receiving promises from the broker that if they bought the home immediately a $15,000 rebate would be given to them at closing by the sellers. At closing, the sellers claimed no knowledge and didn't pay. At trial against the broker, the couple subpoenaed one of the broker's agents who testified that he was in a meeting with the buyers and he heard the broker make the same promise. The broker objected that the testimony was hearsay. What will the court most likely decide regarding the admissibility of the testimony?","score":1,"choices":["The testimony is admissible Â€Â” even though it is hearsay, the broker is available to be cross-examined.","The testimony is admissible because the agent's statement is considered a present sense impression.","The testimony is inadmissible because the agent's statement is considered hearsay within hearsay.","The testimony is admissible because it is a party admission made through the party's authorized agent concerning a matter within the scope of his employment.","The testimony is admissible because it is a statement made by the broker's employee during the course and within the scope of employment.","The testimony is inadmissible because the agent's statement is not an exception to the hearsay rule.","The testimony is admissible because it is a statement made by a co-conspirator during the course and in furtherance of the conspiracy.","The testimony is inadmissible because it is pure hearsay offered to prove the truth of the matter that is in dispute.","The testimony is inadmissible because the agent was not authorized to speak for his principal.","The testimony is inadmissible because the agent's statement is considered a past recollection recorded."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1453,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Felony murder is a legal doctrine that allows for a defendant to be charged with murder if a death occurs during the commission of a felony, regardless of intent to kill. \n\n- Coercion (A) might remove liability because it could negate the voluntary nature of the act.\n- Insanity (E) could remove liability as it might negate the defendant's capacity to form intent.\n- If the victim died of a heart attack before the fire spread (F), it could be argued that the death was not caused by the felony.\n\nHowever, lack of intent to kill (B), belief that the house was empty (C), or belief that the victim had already evacuated (D) are less likely to remove liability because felony murder does not require intent to kill, only that a death occurred during the commission of a felony.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant was charged with felony murder as a result of his setting fire to the victim's house. The victim was upstairs sleeping when the fire was set, and he died in his bedroom during the fire. If the defendant can prove the facts to support his defense, which of the following assertions would LEAST likely remove liability for felony murder?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant was coerced by another to set the fire.","The defendant did not intend to kill the victim.","The defendant thought the house was empty when he set the fire.","The defendant believed the victim had already evacuated the house.","The defendant was insane when he set the fire.","The victim died of a heart attack before the fire spread to his bedroom."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1454,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The federal statute prohibits the knowing possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. The most helpful fact for the man's defense would be one that negates the element of \"knowing possession.\" If he was unaware that the object he found was a functioning firearm, it would directly challenge the \"knowing\" aspect required for conviction under the statute.\nAnswer: H","question":"A man was paroled after serving five years in prison for forgery. Three weeks later, he found a handgun in a high school parking lot. Fearing that students from the school might find the gun and get into trouble using it, the man put it in the trunk of his car. The man drove off, was lawfully stopped by a police officer for speeding, and allowed the officer to search his car and the trunk. During the search, the officer discovered the gun. The man was charged under a federal statute prohibiting the knowing possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. Which of the following additional facts, if established, would be most helpful to the man's defense?","score":0,"choices":["He had planned to dispose of the gun in a safe manner.","He was driving to the police station to give the gun to the authorities when the officer stopped his car.","He had previously served as a police officer.","He found the gun just moments before the officer stopped his car.","He did not know about the federal statute.","He had no previous history of violent crime.","He had a license to carry a firearm from another state.","He was unaware that the object he found was a functioning firearm.","His previous conviction did not involve the use of a gun or other weapon.","He did not intend to use the gun for an unlawful purpose."],"correct":"B","answer":"H"}
{"number":1455,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on mortgage law for help. The priority of liens is generally determined by the order in which they are recorded, with earlier-recorded liens having priority over later-recorded ones. However, if a senior lienholder (the bank) modifies the terms of its loan in a way that is materially detrimental to a junior lienholder (the mother), the junior lienholder can argue that their lien should take priority.\n\nIn this case, the bank extended the amortization period of its loan, which substantially reduced the monthly payments but did not alter the interest rate or increase the principal amount. This modification was not detrimental to the rights of the mother because it did not increase the burden on the property or affect her ability to be repaid. Therefore, the mother's assertion that her mortgage has become a first lien on the home is not correct.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man borrowed $150,000 from a bank to remodel his home and executed a promissory note agreeing to repay the loan over a 10-year period. The loan was secured by a mortgage on the home. The bank promptly recorded the mortgage, which was the only lien on the home at that time. Several months later, the man borrowed $40,000 from his mother in order to purchase a new truck and gave his mother a mortgage on the home to secure repayment of the debt. The mother promptly recorded the mortgage. The man later lost his job and was struggling to make loan payments to both the bank and his mother. To accommodate the man's financial situation, the bank extended the amortization period of its loan to substantially reduce the amount of each monthly payment. The bank did not alter the interest rate or increase the principal amount of the loan. At the time of the modification of the bank loan, the man was not in default in his payments to his mother. Neither the bank nor the man informed the mother of the modification of the bank loan. After the man later missed five payments to his mother, she commenced a foreclosure action. While the action was pending, the mother learned of the bank's loan modification. The mother asserted that her mortgage had become a first lien on the home and that the bank's mortgage had become a second lien. Is the mother's assertion correct?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the bank's loan modification was not detrimental to the rights of the mother.","Yes, because the man failed to inform his mother about the bank's loan modification.","Yes, because the bank's loan modification was made without the mother's prior consent.","No, because the mother did not take action when she learned about the bank's loan modification.","No, because the man's obligation to repay his mother was not affected by the bank's loan modification.","No, because the man was not in default in his payments to his mother at the time of the bank's loan modification.","Yes, because the bank's loan modification was material.","Yes, because the bank's loan modification extended the repayment period.","Yes, because the man was struggling to make his payments to his mother."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1456,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause, applicable to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits the government from taking private property for public use without just compensation. However, zoning laws are generally considered a legitimate exercise of the government's police power to regulate land use for the public good. The developer did not appeal the cancellation of the permit and did not make a significant investment before the zoning change. Additionally, this was a comprehensive rezoning affecting multiple properties, not just spot zoning targeting a single property.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A company got a building permit to construct a total of 300 apartment units to be contained in three high-rise buildings on its 7-acre property. A group of adjoining landowners who owned single-family residences sued for an injunction, alleging various environmental violations. The developer did not have a significant investment at that point, and decided to stop the construction.Shortly thereafter, the city passed a comprehensive new citywide zoning law that re-zoned the subject property and some large tracts of adjoining land to low-density residential, allowing one residence for each 4.6 acres. This destroyed the multi-unit plan and the city cancelled the permit, which the developer did not appeal.The developer's land value decreased from $2 million to $100,000.The developer sued the city in federal court on the basis that this was illegal spot zoning constituting a taking in violation of due process.Will the developer prevail with his federal constitutional claim?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the city cannot change zoning laws after issuing a building permit without compensating the developer.","No, the developer was aware of potential zoning changes and should have taken that into consideration.","No, the developer should have made a significant investment and appealed the city's decision.","Yes, because he got a building permit and justifiably relied on that approval Â€Â“ the rezoning was an illegal act once it granted a building permit.","Yes, the developer had a right to construct the planned units as per the original permit.","Yes, because the new zoning law disproportionately affected the developer compared to other landowners.","No, the city has the right to rezone land for the greater good of the community.","Yes, because the developer's loss was caused by discriminatory spot zoning that took its property without due process.","Yes, the state cannot cause such a dramatic diminution in an owner's property without paying just compensation.","No, this was a comprehensive new zoning plan that rezoned the entire city; the developer shared the loss with the adjoining owners who were also rezoned."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1457,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The sister's testimony is a first-hand witness account of the event, providing direct evidence of the incident and subsequent changes to the doors. This testimony is relevant to the case as it directly pertains to the condition of the doors at the time of the accident and any changes made afterward, which could indicate an acknowledgment of a problem by the store.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A grocery store is sued by a customer for damages for injuries allegedly suffered to the face and forearms, which resulted from his collision with the store's automatic doors. The customer contended that at the time of the mishap, the doors were programmed to swing outward, taking would-be customers entering the store, by surprise. At trial, the customer testified to both the nature of his injuries and the events leading up to their occurrence. The grocery store denied that the doors to its store were in any way unsafe or that the customer's injuries were caused by his encounter with the doors. The customer's sister testified at trial that she accompanied her brother to the store the day of the accident and witnessed the outward swinging doors, which struck him. She further alleged that when she returned to the store the following week, the doors had been re-programmed to swing inward. The trial judge should rule the sister's testimony","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, due to the possibility of bias.","admissible, as a first-hand witness account of the event.","inadmissible, as it lacks direct connection to the case.","admissible, as evidence of the store's negligence.","inadmissible, on the grounds of public policy considerations.","inadmissible, as it is hearsay evidence.","admissible as a tacit admission of a party opponent.","inadmissible, on the grounds of irrelevancy.","admissible as a commonsense impression for which a lay opinion is entirely proper."],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1458,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The key issue here is the priority of the mortgages on the 50-acre estate. The bank's claim hinges on whether its mortgage, which includes an after-acquired property clause, can be considered a first mortgage on the 50-acre estate. The finance company's claim relies on its mortgage being a purchase money mortgage, which typically takes priority over other claims.\n\nTo decide in favor of the bank, the court needs to determine:\n- Whether the after-acquired property clause in the bank's mortgage covers the 50-acre estate.\n- Whether the finance company's mortgage is a purchase money mortgage.\n- Whether the finance company had notice (actual or constructive) of the bank's prior mortgage.\n\nHowever, certain issues are not directly relevant to resolving this specific dispute about mortgage priority:\n- The legal recording of the bank's mortgage deed (A) is relevant because it affects notice.\n- The finance company's record notice (B) is relevant because it affects priority.\n- Implied purchase money liens (C) are not directly relevant because we are dealing with explicit mortgages.\n- The purchase money nature of the finance company's mortgage (D) is relevant because it affects priority.\n- The quoted clause covering the 50-acre estate (E) is crucial to determining if the bank's mortgage extends to this property.\n- The woman's default (F) is relevant because it triggers foreclosure but does not affect priority determination.\n- The legal validity of the woman's purchase (G) is not in question here; it's assumed valid for both mortgages to exist.\n- Timeliness of foreclosure proceedings (H) could be relevant but typically relates more to procedural aspects rather than substantive priority issues.\n- Actual knowledge by the finance company (I) affects notice and thus priority.\n\nGiven these considerations, one issue that does not need to be resolved for deciding in favor of the bank is whether implied purchase money liens apply, as this case deals with explicit mortgages and their priorities.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"In 1973, a woman was the actual and record owner of 20 acres of certain undeveloped timberland. In September 1973, the woman mortgaged the 20 acres of timberland to the bank by a mortgage deed (in the traditional form of a conveyance in fee simple subject to a condition subsequent), which was not recorded until January 1974. The mortgage deed contained the following clause immediately after the legal description of the 20 acres of timberland:\"Together with all the real property now owned by (the woman) or which shall be owned by (the woman) during the continuance of the indebtedness secured by this mortgage. \" This mortgage was given, as the recorded instrument revealed, to secure a note for $100,000 repayable over a 40-year term. In March 2004, the woman, using money loaned by a finance company, purchased a 50-acre mountainous estate situated outside of a major city. This deed was recorded immediately. In April 2004, the woman executed and delivered to the finance company a mortgage to secure its loan. This mortgage was promptly and duly recorded. The finance company had no actual notice of the prior mortgage to the bank. In February 2007, the woman defaulted on both mortgages. The bank then initiated foreclosure proceedings against the woman and the finance company as joint defendants. In its foreclosure action, the bank averred that its mortgage was a first mortgage on both the 20 acres of timberland and the 50-acre estate. The finance company filed a cross-complaint, alleging that its mortgage was a first mortgage on the 50-acre estate and praying for foreclosure on that parcel of property. In order to decide this case in favor of the bank, the court does not need to resolve which of the following issues?","score":1,"choices":["Whether the bank's mortgage deed was legally recorded.","Whether the finance company is charged with record notice of the bank's mortgage.","Whether the finance company can rely on the doctrine of implied purchase money liens.","Whether the finance company's mortgage is a purchase money mortgage.","Whether the quoted clause in the mortgage instrument to the 20 acres of timberland covers the 50-acre estate.","Whether the woman's default on both mortgages is legally valid.","Whether the woman's purchase of the 50-acre estate was legally valid.","Whether the bank's foreclosure proceedings were initiated in a timely manner.","Whether the finance company had actual knowledge of the woman's mortgage with the bank."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1459,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment protects against self-incrimination, but it primarily applies to testimonial evidence, not physical characteristics or voice exemplars. In this case, the defendant was asked to repeat a phrase, which is considered a physical characteristic (like handwriting or appearance) and not testimonial evidence. Therefore, requiring the defendant to speak in the lineup does not violate the Fifth Amendment right to remain silent.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A town had been experiencing a rash of bank robberies. All the witnesses at each bank had described a man with a gun who said, \"Get down on the floor and no one has to die today!\" Following a series of leads, the detectives in the case finally made an arrest. At the police station, the suspect was placed in a lineup. One of the victims observed the lineup, and after each of the six participants stated, \"Get down on the floor and no one has to die today,\" the victim identified the suspect as the perpetrator. The defendant's attorney subsequently moved to suppress the out-of-court identification, arguing that because the defendant was forced to speak, this violated his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent, which had been invoked previously by the defendant. The police requirement that the defendant state at the lineup, \"Get down on the floor and no one has to die today\"","score":0,"choices":["was a permissible police procedure as the statement was not incriminating.","violated the defendant's right to a fair trial.","was an infringement on the defendant's right to counsel.","was not a violation because the defendant had already invoked his right to remain silent.","would not prohibit the defendant's lineup identification from being introduced at trial.","would make the defendant's lineup identification admissible only if corroborated by other evidence.","invalidated the lineup.","tainted the victim's identification of the defendant.","was an acceptable method of identification because the defendant was not under oath."],"correct":"E","answer":"A"}
{"number":1460,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on insurance law for help. In insurance law, an insurer has a duty to act in good faith and fair dealing with its insured. If the insurer fails to settle a claim within the policy limits when it had the opportunity to do so, it can be held liable for the entire judgment amount if it is found to have acted in bad faith. This duty extends to protecting the insured from excess judgments.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A motorist's negligent driving seriously injured another driver. The motorist was cited for traveling in the wrong lane and paid a fine. The motorist had a policy limit of only $15,000 for third party liability on his insurance policy. After furnishing the motorist's insurer with a full medical report, all medical bills, medical records, and other required proofs of damages, the injured claimant demanded the policy limits. The claimant gave notice that a bad faith claim would be filed if the policy limits were not paid immediately. The insurance company refused payment without explanation. A jury awarded the injured claimant $200,000. The injured claimant obtained a signed assignment from the negligent motorist giving to the claimant any rights that the motorist may have had against his insurer. Will the court likely compel the insurance company to pay the full amount of the jury verdict to injured person under these facts?","score":0,"choices":["The court will not compel the insurance company to pay because the motorist was at fault, not the insurance company.","Bad faith is personal to the insured party and his insurer Â€Â“ the assignment was invalid, and the injured person has no claim to compel the insurer to pay.","The insurance company is liable to pay the full amount as they failed to act in good faith and fair dealing, regardless of the policy limit.","The insurance company breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing that is implicit in every insurance contract and must pay the full amount of the judgment.","The injured person can only claim up to the policy limit from the insurer, and must seek the remaining amount from the motorist directly.","The injured party must enforce his entire judgment against the motorist and may never pursue the insurer for that amount.","The insurance company can only be compelled to pay if they were given a reasonable opportunity to settle the claim within the policy limits.","The policy limit is $15,000 and that is all that can be collected by the injured person Â€Â“ there is no action for bad faith on an insurance contract.","The insurance company can be compelled to pay the full amount only if they were given prior warning about the potential for a bad faith claim."],"correct":"B","answer":"D"}
{"number":1461,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The key issue here is whether the city's decision to prohibit parking on one side of the street violates any constitutional protections. The most relevant constitutional protection in this context is the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, which requires that individuals in similar situations be treated equally by the law.\n\nThe city council's decision to flip a coin to determine which side of the street would have parking prohibited could be seen as arbitrary and not based on any rational basis, which could potentially violate the Equal Protection Clause. However, courts generally give wide latitude to governmental decisions unless there is a clear violation of constitutional rights.\n\nThe plaintiff might argue that the decision was arbitrary and capricious, but this alone does not necessarily constitute a violation of constitutional rights unless it can be shown that there was no rational basis for the decision or that it was discriminatory.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A state highway runs through the center of a city's business district. As the highway passes through this business district, there is a stretch where the highway is too narrow to satisfS' the safety standards for state roadways. Along this narrow stretch and on opposite sides of the street are located two businesses. Situated on the east side of the street is a bar and grill; directly across the street on the west side is a lounge. In order to comply with state highway regulations, the state highway department, acting pursuant to state statute, ordered the city to prohibit parking on one side of the highway within the business district. The city council convened a special meeting to determine whether parking should be prohibited on the east or west side of the street. During the meeting, the council was unable to resolve the issue. Finally, the city council president decided the only fair way to resolve the matter was to flip a coin. After the coin flip, the city prohibited parking at all times on the west side of the highway. On account of this decision, parking in front of the lounge was permanently prohibited. This caused the lounge to suffer a substantial decline in business because of the unavailability of on-street parking. As a consequence, the owner of the lounge brought suit for declarative relief against the city alleging that the parking ban on his side of the street was unconstitutional. In all likelihood, will the plaintiff be successful in this cause of action?","score":0,"choices":["No, because as a governmental entity, the city enjoys immunity from such suits under the Eleventh Amendment.","No, because the city was acting in accordance with state highway safety regulations.","Yes, because the action of the city violated the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","No, because the city's action was reasonable.","Yes, because the city council failed to consider the economic impact of their decision on the lounge.","No, because the city council president's decision to flip a coin was arbitrary and capricious.","No, because the state highway department's order supersedes any claim by the lounge owner.","Yes, because the prohibition of parking constitutes a taking of property without just compensation.","Yes, because the city council's decision unfairly targeted businesses on the west side of the street."],"correct":"D","answer":"C"}
{"number":1462,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The mother is guilty of solicitation because she asked her boyfriend to commit a crime. She is also guilty of conspiracy because she and her boyfriend agreed to commit the crime. Although the mother gave the wrong address, her intent was to kill the girl, so she can be charged with attempted murder. Since two people were killed as a result of her solicitation and conspiracy, she can be held responsible for their deaths under the felony murder rule.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A mother hated a girl because she always seemed to outperform her daughter and make her feel inferior. Fearing that the girl would beat out her daughter for the last cheerleading position, the mother decided to kill the girl. One night while the mother and her boyfriend were having dinner, the mother asked him to kill the girl. The mother handed her boyfriend a gun and gave him the home address where the girl lived. Unknown to the boyfriend, the mother gave him the wrong address. By mistake, the boyfriend went to the home of a family who lived across the street from the girl. The boyfriend rang the doorbell and a woman opened the door. The boyfriend asked the woman if her daughter was home. The woman called for her daughter to come to the front door. When she did so, the boyfriend shot and killed both the woman and her daughter. The mother should be found guilty for which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":1,"choices":["Conspiracy and voluntary manslaughter.","Solicitation, attempted murder, and one count of murder.","Conspiracy, attempted murder, and two counts of murder.","Conspiracy, attempted murder, and voluntary manslaughter.","Solicitation and attempted murder.","Solicitation and two counts of murder.","Solicitation, conspiracy, and voluntary manslaughter.","Solicitation, attempted murder, and two counts of murder.","Conspiracy and two counts of murder.","Conspiracy, voluntary manslaughter, and two counts of murder."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1463,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Negligence per se occurs when a person violates a statute or regulation, and that violation leads to the harm that the statute was designed to prevent. To defend against a claim of negligence per se, the man would benefit most from showing that the driver's own actions were a significant contributing factor to the accident. If the driver was driving at an excessively high speed, it would suggest that the driver's negligence was a primary cause of the accident, which could mitigate or eliminate the man's liability.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A city ordinance forbids washing vehicles parked on city streets. A man washes his car while it is parked on the street in front of his home. The water forms a puddle in the street, which freezes over during the night. Early the next morning, a car driving on the street slides on the ice and crashes into a tree. If the driver of the car sues the man and asserts that the man was negligent per Se, which of the following additional facts would help the man the most?","score":0,"choices":["The man had already planned to dry the water before it froze, but was unable to because of an unexpected emergency.","The driver lives in the man's neighborhood and saw the man washing his car the day before the accident.","The city had been warned about the icy conditions but had not salted the streets.","The driver is not a resident of the city.","The man had been washing his car on the street for years without any previous incidents.","The driver had previously been involved in multiple accidents due to reckless driving.","The man had placed a warning sign near the puddle to alert drivers of the potential hazard.","The man was not aware of the ordinance.","The driver was driving at an excessively high speed at the time of the accident.","The city council enacted the ordinance after someone washing his car was hit by a passing truck."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1464,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help.\n\n1. On August 1, 2005, Ann sells an undivided one-half interest in the land to Hunter and Willa as tenants by the entirety. This means Hunter and Willa own this half interest together as a single legal entity.\n2. On August 1, 2006, Ann sells her remaining interest (the other half) to Hunter and Brandon as joint tenants. This means Hunter and Brandon own this half interest together with rights of survivorship.\n3. On August 1, 2007, Hunter, Willa, and Brandon die in a common disaster where the order of death cannot be established.\n\nSince Hunter and Willa hold their half interest as tenants by the entirety, upon their deaths, this interest would pass to their heirs according to their wills. Their son inherits this undivided one-half interest.\n\nFor the other half:\n- As joint tenants with rights of survivorship, if one dies, the survivor would inherit the entire interest. However, since both Hunter and Brandon died simultaneously and the order of death cannot be established, the joint tenancy is severed.\n- The severance converts their ownership into a tenancy in common for that half interest.\n\nTherefore:\n- Hunter's half of the joint tenancy (one-quarter of the whole property) would go to his heir (his son).\n- Brandon's half of the joint tenancy (one-quarter of the whole property) would go to his heirs or estate.\n\nCombining these interests:\n- The son inherits one-half from Hunter and Willa's tenancy by the entirety.\n- The son also inherits one-quarter from Hunter's share of the joint tenancy.\n\nThus, the son owns an undivided three-quarters (3/4) interest in the land.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Ann owns a tract of land. On August 1,2005, Ann sells to Hunter and Willa, a husband and wife, an undivided one-half interest in this land for $100,000 (the entire consideration being paid by Hunter). The deed to Hunter and Willa reads as follows: \"To Hunger and Willa and their heirs as tenants by the entirety, and not as joint tenants, and not as tenants in common. \"On August 1, 2006, Ann sells her remaining interest in the tract of land to Hunter and Brandon, his brother, for $125,000 (Hunter pays $80,000 of the purchase price, and Brandon pays the balance). The deed to Hunter and Brandon provides: \"To Hunter and Brandon and their heirs as joint tenants and not as tenants in common. \"On August 1, 2007, Hunter, Willa, and Brandon die in a common disaster, and as a consequence, the order of their deaths cannot be established by proof. Hunter's will and Willa's will devise whatever interest in the land in question that is subject to disposition by their wills to their son. Thus, the son owns","score":1,"choices":["an undivided one-quarter interest in the land.","an undivided one-half interest in the land.","an undivided one-third interest in the land.","an undivided five-sixths interest in the land.","the entire tract of land.","no interest in the land.","an undivided one-fifth interest in the land.","an undivided three-quarters interest in the land.","an undivided three-fifths interest in the land.","an undivided two-thirds interest in the land."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1465,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a breach of contract case, the non-breaching party is entitled to recover damages that were reasonably foreseeable and directly caused by the breach. The mill incurred several costs due to the company's failure to deliver logs:\n\n1. $200,000 in losses due to the shortfall.\n2. $5,000 paid to a broker to find additional logs.\n3. $25,000 in transportation costs for the additional logs.\n\nAttorney fees are generally not recoverable as damages unless specified in the contract or allowed by statute, so we exclude the $2,000 attorney fee from our calculation.\n\nAdding up the recoverable costs:\n$200,000 (losses) + $5,000 (broker fee) + $25,000 (transportation costs) = $230,000.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A well-established paper mill and a logging company signed a written contract in which the mill agreed to buy from the company all the logs the mill would need for one year. The company was unable to keep up with the mill's needs, and its log deliveries fell short by 10% to 15% in each of the four quarters of the year. The mill paid the company on time for all delivered logs. The mill paid an attorney $2,000 for advice concerning its options in enforcing the contract. It paid a broker a reasonable fee of $5,000 to find additional logs to make up for the company's shortfall. The mill also incurred reasonable costs of $25,000 to transport the additional logs to its facility. Despite the mill's efforts to mitigate damages, it sustained $200,000 in losses because of the company's failure to timely deliver enough logs. The mill has sued the company for breach of contract. If the court finds for the mill, how much should it award in damages?","score":1,"choices":["$205,000.00","$220,000.00","$225,000.00","$240,000.00","$200,000.00","$230,000.00","$232,000.00","$250,000.00","$235,000.00","$210,000.00"],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1467,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Contract law principles dictate that for a contract to be enforceable, there must be a \"meeting of the minds\" or mutual agreement on the terms. In this case, there was a misunderstanding about what \"oldest motorcycle\" referred to. Neither party had reason to know of the other's interpretation, which means there was no mutual assent to the same terms. This lack of mutual understanding typically means no enforceable contract was formed.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A motorcycle collector and his friend had known each other for years. The collector sent a letter to the friend that said, \"I am willing to sell you my oldest motorcycle for $4,000.\" The friend sent the collector an email saying, \"I accept your offer.\" The collector owned three motorcycles: a 1985 model, a 1987 model, and a 1992 model. The friend did not know about the 1985 model, which was the one the collector intended to sell. The collector was unaware that the friend intended to buy the 1987 model. When the collector tendered the 1985 model, the friend refused to accept it. Is the friend likely to prevail in a breach of contract suit against the collector?","score":1,"choices":["No, because it was the friend's responsibility to know the details about the collector's motorcycles before agreeing to purchase.","No, because by not inquiring further about the meaning of the phrase \"oldest motorcycle,\" the friend assumed the risk of being mistaken.","No, the friend won't prevail as he misunderstood the term \"oldest motorcycle\".","Yes, so long as a reasonable person in the friend's position would have considered the letter as referring to the 1987 model.","No, because neither the friend nor the collector had reason to know of the other's interpretation of the words \"oldest motorcycle.\"","Yes, the friend will prevail as the collector falsely advertised the motorcycle model.","No, because the friend should have asked for clarification about which model was being sold before agreeing to the purchase.","Yes, because the friend could have reasonably assumed that the \"oldest motorcycle\" referred to the 1987 model, given his knowledge.","Yes, because the friend had no reason to know of the collector's meaning and the collector could have avoided the confusion by more careful drafting.","Yes, because the collector should have clarified which model he was referring to in the letter."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1468,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. In legal proceedings, a witness is considered competent if they have personal knowledge of the matter and can provide a first-hand account of the events. The wife's testimony about hearing the gunshot and seeing the neighbor running from the shed is based on her direct perception and personal knowledge of the events surrounding her husband's death. Therefore, she is competent to testify.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A wife is the beneficiary of a policy issued by an insurance company, insuring the life of her husband, now deceased. The policy contained a clause providing that double indemnity is payable in the event that death of the insured \"results directly, and independently of all other causes, from bodily injury effected solely through external violent and unexpected means. \"The husband was found dead in the chicken shed of his farm. His death resulted from wounds caused by a shotgun blast. The wife filed the necessary papers with the insurance company concerning proof of her husband's death. The insurance company admitted liability for the face amount of the policy but rejected the wife's claim for double indemnity. The wife then instituted suit against the insurance company demanding judgment according to the double indemnity provisions of the husband's insurance policy. At trial, the wife was called to testify about the events on the day of her husband's death. The wife said that she was in the kitchen when she heard a gunshot in the shed. As she rushed out of the house, she saw their neighbor running from the shed. The neighbor is present in court. As a witness, the wife was","score":1,"choices":["competent, because she can provide a first-hand account of the incident.","incompetent, because she was not an eyewitness to the actual event.","incompetent, because her testimony is based on her perception of events.","competent, because she was present on the scene after the event occurred.","competent, because she had personal knowledge of the matter.","competent, because the neighbor is available to testify.","incompetent, because her testimony could potentially be biased.","incompetent, because she was testifying to facts occurring after her husband's death.","competent, because she can corroborate her account with the neighbor's testimony.","incompetent, because she had a personal interest in the outcome of the lawsuit."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1469,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. For a claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED) to be successful, the plaintiff must typically show that the defendant's conduct was outrageous and extreme, that the conduct was intended to cause emotional distress or recklessly disregarded the likelihood of causing such distress, and that the plaintiff suffered severe emotional distress as a result. In this case, although the doctor's conduct was indeed outrageous, the mother did not directly witness the event nor was she a direct victim at the time it occurred. This significantly weakens her claim under IIED.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A mother took her five-year-old child to a hospital emergency room for treatment. A doctor on the hospital staff molested the child while treating her. At the time, no one was in the treatment room except the doctor and the child; the mother had left the room to get a cup of coffee. Two weeks later, when the child told her mother what had occurred in the treatment room, the mother suffered severe emotional distress that caused her to become physically ill. In an action against the doctor by the mother on her own behalf to recover for intentional infliction of emotional distress, is the mother likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the mother's emotional distress was not immediate and therefore cannot be attributed to the doctor's actions.","No, because the mother was contributorily negligent in leaving the child alone with the doctor during treatment.","Yes, because the mother's distress was the natural and foreseeable consequence of the doctor's conduct. Â€Âƒ","Yes, because the mother was indirectly victimized by the doctor's actions.","No, because the mother did not directly suffer physical harm from the doctor's actions.","Yes, because the mother has a legal duty to protect her child and the doctor's actions violated that duty.","No, because the doctor's actions did not directly cause the mother's distress.","Yes, because the doctor's conduct was outrageous.","No, because the mother was neither the direct victim of the doctor's conduct nor a contemporaneous witness.","Yes, because the mother was indirectly involved in the incident and suffered as a result."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1470,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The contract explicitly states that any violation of the non-assignment provision voids the contract. The seller's act of delegating the duty to manufacture the toasters to a competitor constitutes a breach of this provision. Therefore, the buyer is no longer bound by the contract due to this violation.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A seller contracted to manufacture 1,000 toasters for a buyer for a specified price. The contract contained a provision that clearly stated: \"This contract may not be assigned, and any violation of this prohibition voids the contract.\" After the contract was signed, the seller informed the buyer that the toasters would be manufactured by a competitor of the seller. Citing the non-assignment provision, the buyer claimed that it was no longer bound by the contract. Toasters manufactured by the competitor were of equal quality to toasters manufactured by the seller. Is the buyer bound by the contract?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because even though the seller breached the contract, there are no damages since the competitor's toasters are of equal quality to the seller's toasters.","No, because the seller assigned a right despite the contractual prohibition.","Yes, because the quality of the toasters did not change even though the manufacturer did.","No, because the seller violated the contractual prohibition by delegating its duty to a competitor.","No, because \"this contract may not be assigned\" means that duties may not be delegated, and the seller delegated a duty.","No, because the non-assignment clause voids the contract when violated.","No, because the competitor is not a party to the original contract.","Yes, because the seller informed the buyer about the change in manufacturer.","Yes, because the non-assignment provision is not enforceable since public policy favors free assignment and delegation.","Yes, because the buyer did not explicitly reject the toasters manufactured by the competitor."],"correct":"E","answer":"F"}
{"number":1471,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is the enforceability of the original contract price despite unforeseen circumstances. The alarm company and the builder entered into a binding contract when the builder accepted the bid of $100,000. The fact that the supplier could not provide alarms at the quoted price does not alter the terms of the contract between the alarm company and the builder. The alarm company cannot unilaterally change the agreed price due to its own increased costs. Therefore, the alarm company is entitled to recover only the originally agreed amount of $100,000.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A builder wanted to have security systems installed in a series of homes he was building. He contacted several companies and asked them to submit bids for the installation work. An alarm company decided to submit a bid and, in turn, requested bids from several wholesalers for the burglar alarms it planned to use if it was awarded the job. A supplier submitted a bid to the alarm company that the latter used in computing the bid that it was preparing for the builder. On September 1, the alarm company sent the builder its bid, in which it proposed to install the security systems for $100,000. On September 9, the supplier notified the alarm company that it would be unable to supply any burglar alarms to them. On September 11, the builder sent the following fax to the alarm company: \"I hereby accept your offer to install the security systems for $100,000. \"The alarm company had to pay another wholesaler $10,000 above the price quoted by the supplier for the burglar alarms. As a result, the alarm company advised the builder that the total price for the job would have to be increased to $10,000. The builder replied that he would hold the alarm company to the initially agreed price of $100,000. The alarm company installed the security systems, but the builder has not yet paid them anything. In an action by the alarm company against the builder for services rendered, the alarm company will probably be able to recover","score":1,"choices":["The cost of the alarms from the second supplier, because they were an unforeseen expense.","$110,000 because of an unanticipated changeof circumstances after the parties had entered into their contract.","only in quantum meruit, because by demanding $110,000 the alarm company repudiated its contract with the builder.","only in quantum meruit, because of the doctrine of commercial frustration.","$100,000, because that was the original agreed price, regardless of changes in circumstances.","$90,000, because the alarm company had to pay an additional cost.","$100,000, because that was the contract price.","Nothing, because the builder did not agree to the new price.","$100,000, plus damages for the builder's delay in payment.","$110,000, because the supplier's inability to supply burglar alarms was unforeseen."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1472,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The key elements of the kidnapping statute are \"knowingly abducting a person and moving him or her to another location.\" The husband knowingly took his son to another state, which constitutes moving him to another location. Despite receiving erroneous legal advice, mistake of law is generally not a defense. Additionally, the husband's actions were in violation of the divorce decree, which granted custody to the wife and only visitation rights to the husband.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A husband and wife divorced after 17 years of marriage. They had one son, aged 10. As part of the divorce decree, the wife was given custody of the son, while the husband was entitled to weekend visitation. Thereafter, the husband accepted a new job in a neighboring state. Before relocating, the husband met with an attorney to seek his advice about how he could gain full custody of his son. The attorney told the husband that his new state did not give full faith and credit to divorce proceedings in his former state of residence. As a consequence, the attorney advised the husband that he could take the son to live with him and not be in violation of the law. This was erroneous legal advice, and his new state, in fact, did honor and give full faith and credit to other states' divorce decrees. When his next scheduled visitation took place, the husband picked up his son at his ex-wife's home. Instead of returning his son, he took him to live with him in his new state. After refusing to return his son to his ex-wife, the husband was subsequently arrested and charged with kidnapping. The applicable statute is defined as \"knowingly abducting a person and moving him or her to another location. \"Should the husband be found guilty of kidnapping?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because mistake of law is no defense.","Yes, because he intentionally kept his son from his ex-wife.","No, because as the father, he has the right to custody of his son.","No, because his actions were based on the legal advice he received.","Yes, because he did not have the legal right to take his son to another state.","No, because he received erroneous legal advice.","Yes, because he unlawfully transported his son to another state, in violation of the divorce decree.","No, because the son willingly went with him.","Yes, because he knowingly moved his son to another location.","No, because he lacked the requisite state of mind."],"correct":"J","answer":"G"}
{"number":1473,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The covenant in the pharmacist's lease specifically restricts the owner from leasing any part of the shopping center to another drugstore. However, the owner purchased an adjacent parcel of land that was not originally part of the shopping center described in the lease. The integration of the two properties into a single development does not change the fact that, at the time of the lease agreement, they were separate entities. Therefore, the covenant can be fairly construed as applying only to the original shopping center premises described in the lease.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Four years ago the owner of a shopping center leased a store in the center for a 10-year term to a pharmacistfor use as a drugstore. The pharmacist established and operated a drugstore at the leased premises. The leaseincluded provisions that described the shopping center by metes and bounds; identified the entrances, parkingareas, signs, and other common facilities of the shopping center; and set out a covenant that the owner wouldnot lease any part of the shopping center to another drugstore. Last year the owner purchased a parcel of land immediately adjacent to the shopping center. That parcel wasimproved with a building that, at the time of the owner's purchase and for ten years earlier, was occupied inpart by a food supermarket and in part by a discount drugstore, under leases which the prior owner assignedto the owner. The owner reconstructed the common facilities of both shopping centers to integrate them and combine themso that, to the public, the two centers appeared as a larger single development. The pharmacist learned that the lease of the discount drugstore was about to expire and that the ownerplanned to enter into a new lease of the same space with the discount drugstore. The pharmacist protested the proposed new lease, but the owner declared his intention to go forward with it. The pharmacist brought an appropriate action to enjoin the new lease to the discount drugstore as a violationof the covenant in the pharmacist's lease. If the court finds for the owner, what will be the likely reason?","score":1,"choices":["The covenant does not apply to the owner's actions as he did not directly lease the space to another drugstore but bought a property which already had a lease with a drugstore.","The owner's purchase and integration of the adjacent parcel of land effectively nullifies the existing covenant.","The drugstore use on the adjacent parcel was in existence when the owner and the pharmacist firstentered into the lease.","The discount drugstore on the adjacent parcel is not considered a 'new' lease, but a continuation of an existing one.","A covenant cannot restrict the use of land not owned by the covenantor when the covenant wascreated.","The owner has the right to lease any part of his property to any business, regardless of existing leases.","The pharmacist did not adequately express his concerns to the owner before initiating legal action.","A covenant that attempts to restrict competition is invalid as against public policy even if it runs with theland.","The covenant in the pharmacist's lease can be fairly construed as to apply only to the original shoppingcenter premises.","The covenant is not applicable as the shopping centers were considered separate entities at the time of the lease agreement."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1474,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for help. According to Rule 26(d)(1), a party may not seek discovery from any source before the parties have conferred as required by Rule 26(f), except in certain circumstances that do not apply here. This means that interrogatories cannot be served until the parties have conferred to arrange for initial disclosures and prepare a discovery plan.\nAnswer: I","question":"The attorney for a plaintiff in an action filed in federal district court served the defendant with the summons, the complaint, and 25 interrogatories asking questions about the defendant's contentions in the case. The interrogatories stated that they were to be answered within 30 days after service. The defendant is likely to succeed in obtaining a protective order on which of the following grounds?","score":1,"choices":["The interrogatories were not accompanied by a summons and complaint.","The defendant is not required to respond to interrogatories during a federal district court action.","Interrogatories may not be served until an answer to the complaint is filed.","The interrogatories exceed the number permitted without permission from the court or an agreement between the parties.","The defendant is not required to respond to the interrogatories within 30 days.","The interrogatories contain questions that are excessively burdensome or expensive to answer.","The interrogatories were not properly served to the defendant.","The interrogatories contain questions that are irrelevant to the case.","Interrogatories may not be served until the parties have conferred to arrange for initial disclosures and prepare a discovery plan.","Interrogatories are only proper to discover facts, not contentions."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1475,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a unilateral mistake occurs when one party is mistaken about a material fact of the contract. Generally, if one party knows or should have known of the other party's mistake, the contract may be voidable by the mistaken party. Here, the purchasing agent should have known about the error in the price term.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A purchasing agent for a women's clothing store negotiated a contract with dressmaking company to purchase a specified quantity of khaki garments at a price of $75,000. One week later, the purchasing agent received a telephone call from the vice president of the dressmaking company, who informed her that the dressmaking company's sales representative had made an error in calculating the contract price. As a result, the vice president said that unless the women's clothing store agreed to pay an additional $15,000, the garments would not be delivered. If the purchasing agent should have known that the dressmaking company's original price term of $75,000 was in error, but agreed to the contract anyway, which of the following is the most accurate statement?","score":1,"choices":["There was an enforceable contract at the original price term, because the purchasing agent acted in good faith.","There was a voidable contract, because the purchasing agent should have known of the error.","There was no valid contract formed, because there was no mutuality of assent.","There was no valid contract formed, because the price was not agreed upon by both parties.","There was a valid contract formed, because the dressmaking company was responsible for their own error.","The contract is invalid, because the purchasing agent took advantage of the dressmaking company's error.","There was an enforceable contract at the revised price term, because the error was corrected before delivery.","There was an enforceable contract at the original price term, because the mistake was unilateral.","There was a voidable contract, because the dressmaking company made an error.","There was an enforceable contract at the original price term, because the mistake resulted from an error in computation, not in judgment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1476,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs transactions between merchants in the United States, additional terms proposed in an acceptance can become part of the contract under certain conditions. Specifically, UCC Â§ 2-207 addresses this issue. \n\n- Additional terms become part of the contract unless they materially alter it, the offer expressly limits acceptance to the terms of the offer, or notification of objection to them has already been given or is given within a reasonable time.\n- They do not automatically become part of the contract just because both parties are merchants.\n- They do not always become part of the contract.\n- They do not require written confirmation from the offeror to become part of the contract.\n\nGiven these points, let's evaluate each option:\n\nA. Incorrect - This is true under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nB. Incorrect - This is not a requirement under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nC. Incorrect - This is not a requirement under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nD. Correct - Additional terms do not always become part of the contract; there are specific conditions under which they do.\nE. Incorrect - This is not a requirement under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nF. Incorrect - This is true under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nG. Incorrect - This is not a requirement under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nH. Incorrect - This is not true; additional terms can become part of the contract under certain conditions.\nI. Incorrect - This is true under UCC Â§ 2-207.\nJ. Incorrect - This is true under UCC Â§ 2-207.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"In transactions between merchants, what is not true about additional terms proposed in the acceptance?","score":1,"choices":["They become part of the contract only if both parties are merchants.","They become part of the contract only if the offeree does not object within a reasonable time.","They become part of the contract only if the offeree agrees to them within a reasonable time.","Additional terms always become part of the contract.","They become part of the contract only if the additional terms are in writing.","They become part of the contract unless they materially alter the agreement.","They become part of the contract only if the offeror sends a written confirmation within a reasonable time.","They never become part of the contract.","They become part of the contract unless the offer expressly limits acceptance to the terms of the offer.","They become part of the contract unless the offeror objects within a reasonable time to the additional terms."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1477,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The key issue here is whether the friend's actions constitute assault. Assault in tort law is defined as an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact. The owner was very frightened, which indicates that he had a reasonable apprehension of being hit with the hatchet. Physical harm is not necessary for an assault claim; the fear of imminent harm is sufficient.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An owner ran a sporting goods store that specialized in hunting and camping supplies. His friend had often cautioned him that he should not leave so much of his merchandise out in the open. One day, as the friend entered the store to pay a visit, he decided he'd put his unheeded warnings into action by playing a joke on the owner. The friend took a hatchet that was lying on a display case and swung it over his head as if he were going to strike the owner, who was standing at the register with his back turned. The friend then said, \"All right buddy, one false move and it's over. \" The owner was very frightened at almost being hit with the hatchet but suffered no actual physical or other harm. If the owner asserts a claim against the friend, the most likely result is that he will","score":1,"choices":["recover, because the friend's joke caused emotional distress.","recover, because the friend intended to cause him harm.","not recover, because the friend did not actually hit him.","not recover, because the owner should have been more cautious.","not recover, because he suffered no physical harm.","recover, because he feared the friend would hit him.","recover, because the friend was negligent.","recover, because the friend's actions were reckless.","not recover, because the friend was only joking."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1478,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the Sixth Amendment and the Supreme Court ruling in Gideon v. Wainwright, indigent defendants have the right to appointed counsel in criminal cases where they face imprisonment. However, in Scott v. Illinois, the Supreme Court held that a defendant may not be sentenced to imprisonment unless they were represented by counsel or waived that right. Since the defendant was denied an attorney, any sentence involving jail time would be unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant, who was an indigent, was arrested and charged with possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. Under the relevant state statute, possession of less than one ounce of marijuana is a misdemeanor, punishable by a maximum of one year in jail and/or a fine of $500. At trial, the defendant pleaded not guilty and requested that an attorney be appointed to represent him. The trial judge refused to honor the defendant's request for an attorney. If the defendant is subsequently found guilty, which of the following is the most severe sentence that can constitutionally be imposed?","score":1,"choices":["One year in jail, but with the possibility of parole after six months.","Two years in jail.","Three months in jail and a $250 fine.","Probation for one year and a $500 fine.","A $500 fine.","Six months in jail.","Community service for one year.","One year in jail."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1479,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Offers to settle a claim are generally inadmissible in court as evidence to prove liability or the amount of a disputed claim, according to the Federal Rules of Evidence Rule 408. This rule is designed to encourage settlement negotiations without fear that statements made during those negotiations will be used against the parties in court. The man's letter was clearly part of an attempt to settle the matter out of court, and thus should be considered inadmissible.\nAnswer: A","question":"A man was driving his car when he suddenly hit a pedestrian as she was crossing the street. Following the accident, an ambulance was summoned and the pedestrian was taken to a nearby hospital. The man, who also drove to the hospital, approached the pedestrian in the emergency room while she was being treated for her injuries. When the pedestrian saw the man, she told him, \"You went through that red light. You could have killed me. \" She then asked the man for $5,000 to cover her anticipated medical expenses. The man replied that he would have to think about it. Shortly thereafter, the man sent a letter to the pedestrian in which he wrote, \"I realize I drove through the red light. Naturally, I would like to settle this without any litigation. I'm willing to pay all your medical expenses and give you $2,000 if you don't sue me. \" The pedestrian did not accept the man's offer and brought suit against him. At trial, the pedestrian's attorney offers the first sentence of the letter into evidence, and the man objects. The trial judge should rule the evidence","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible as an admission made in connection with settlement negotiations.","inadmissible, because the man was not under oath when he wrote the letter.","inadmissible, as the pedestrian did not accept the man's offer.","inadmissible as it infringes on the man's privacy rights.","admissible as it is a written document.","admissible as it was not part of formal litigation.","inadmissible as an admission made in connection with an offer to pay medical expenses.","admissible as an admission.","inadmissible, because documents must be offered in their entirety.","admissible as it is a direct confession of the man's guilt."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1480,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Constitution grants the federal government the power to regulate immigration and employment of aliens, which means that state laws in this area can be preempted by federal law. The Supremacy Clause of the Constitution establishes that federal law takes precedence over state laws. Given that the statute in question regulates employment of aliens, it is likely to conflict with federal immigration and labor laws.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A state labor code provided that no employer in the state shall knowingly employ an alien who is not lawfully residing in the United States if such employment would have an adverse effect on lawful residents' right to work. A group of immigrant farm workers were continually refused employment contracts by the labor contractors in the state. Instead, the labor contractors had employed many alien workers since they would toil longer hours for less wages. The immigrant farm workers now bring suit in state court pursuant to the above-mentioned statutory provision. Which of the following determinations would most likely result as a consequence of the immigrant farm workers' lawsuit?","score":0,"choices":["The court would declare the statute unconstitutional as violative of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The court would declare the statute unconstitutional as it violates the rights of the alien workers.","The court would declare the statute constitutional since it is within the state's power to regulate employment.","The court would declare the statute constitutional as within the realm of rights reserved to the states by the Eleventh Amendment.","The court would declare the statute unconstitutional as it discriminates against non-residents.","The court would declare the statute unconstitutional as it conflicts with federal labor laws.","The court would declare the statute constitutional as it does not infringe on the rights of the immigrant workers.","The court would declare the statute constitutional as it promotes the welfare of the state's residents.","The court would declare the statute constitutional since the states are not preempted in the area of economic regulation of illegal aliens."],"correct":"I","answer":"F"}
{"number":1481,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the nature of the easement and its transferability. An easement appurtenant is attached to the land and benefits the dominant tenement (the chef's property). When the chef sold his property to his assistant, the easement appurtenant transferred with the property, granting the assistant the same rights to use the easement as the chef had. This makes option D the strongest argument for the assistant in an action against the neighbor for removal of the barriers.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A chef owned a summer cottage on the lake. In order to facilitate the access to the cottage, the chef entered into an agreement with a neighbor, an adjoining land owner, whereby the neighbor, in writing, granted the chef a right-of-way over a strip of land 30 feet in width and a quarter of a mile in length along the eastern margin of the neighbor's property. Without notifying the neighbor, the chef proceeded to improve the roadbed by having the road asphalted in order to make it more accessible for motor vehicle traffic. Several years later, the neighbor started a sand business, which required him to do heavy hauling that subsequently destroyed the asphalted surface on the road. Ten years after the neighbor started his sand business, the chef sold his lakefront property to his assistant. Shortly after the assistant took possession of the cottage and property, the neighbor erected wooden barriers across the roadway, thus obstructing the access to the assistant's property. The assistant's strongest argument in an action against the neighbor for removal of the barriers, which are obstructing his access to the property, would be that","score":1,"choices":["the neighbor's sand business constitutes a misuse of the easement.","the chef's improvements to the roadbed grant him additional rights to the easement.","the chef and the assistant, being in privity of estate, could \"tack on\" their successive use periods.","an easement appurtenant is alienable in that any conveyance transferring possession of the dominant tenement also passes the easement privilege.","the assistant, as a bonafide purchaser, is protected from the neighbor's obstruction, even though the easement was unrecorded.","because the easement was created by implication, the chef's prior and continuous use gave rise to a prescriptive easement.","the assistant has a legal right to improve the easement for his own use.","the assistant is entitled to compensation for the damage caused by the neighbor's sand business.","the assistant can claim ownership of the easement due to his long-term use of the property."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1482,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law and deceit for help. Deceit, or fraudulent misrepresentation, requires a false representation of a material fact made with knowledge of its falsity and with the intent to deceive, causing the other party to rely on it to their detriment. In this case, the collector did not make any false representations about the card's value; he simply did not disclose it. The boy accepted the offer based on his own misunderstanding of the card's value.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Each year, the local boys' and girls' club sponsors a \"Baseball Card Bonanza. \" During the three- day event, collectors of baseball cards gather, exchanging and swapping old cards. A boy and a girl, both 12-year-old youngsters at the bonanza, were looking at each other's cards when they were approached by a 32-year-old collector. The collector asked the boy and girl if he could look through their baseball cards. The boy and girl nodded affirmatively. As the collector was flipping through the boy's cards, he found a 1948 card featuring Branch Rickey, the former owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The collector, who knew the card was worth more than $500, offered the boy 50 cents for the card. The boy thought the card had very little value because he knew that Rickey was not a major league baseball player. The boy accepted the 50 cents and gave the Rickey baseball card to the collector. The next day the boy found out that the baseball card was worth$600. If the boy asserts a claim against the collector for deceit, will the boy prevail?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the boy was the true owner of the card and was entitled to the benefit of the bargain.","Yes, because the collector used his knowledge of the card's value to exploit the boy.","Yes, because the collector did not disclose the true value of the card.","Yes, because the collector took advantage of the boy's lack of knowledge about the card's value.","No, because the collector made no false representations of fact.","No, because the boy willingly accepted the offer made by the collector.","Yes, because the collector was obligated to disclose the true value of the card.","No, because the boy was not justified in relying on the collector's offer.","No, because the boy had the opportunity to decline the collector's offer.","No, because the collector didn't force the boy to sell the card."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1483,"response":"Explanation: Catharine MacKinnon's argument centers on the idea that men dominate women and that this dominance is a question of power. Therefore, any proposition that denies or contradicts the existence of gender-based power dynamics would be inconsistent with her argument. Propositions suggesting inherent equality or denying gender-based inequality would be most inconsistent.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Catharine MacKinnon argues that since men dominate women, the question is ultimately one of power. Which proposition below is the most inconsistent with this argument?","score":0,"choices":["The power dynamic is determined by individual strength and not gender.","The idea of 'woman' needs to be redefined.","Women inherently possess more power than men.","Gender-based inequality is a myth.","Men and women share equal power in society.","Equality is impossible because men define women as different.","Women can achieve equality through political pressure.","Men and women are inherently equal in all aspects.","The concept of power is subjective and varies from person to person.","The world is phallocentric and oppressive."],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1484,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Assault is an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact. Battery is the actual harmful or offensive contact. Since Donny missed Sally with the knife, there was no physical contact, so he cannot be liable for battery. However, Sally saw the knife and was very scared, which means she experienced a reasonable apprehension of imminent harm, making Donny liable for assault.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Donny threw a knife at Sally, intending to injure her severely. However, Donny missed Sally. Sally saw the knife just as it whizzed by her head, missing it by about one inch. As a result, Sally was very scared. Sally sued Donny for assault and battery. Which of the following is most correct?","score":0,"choices":["Donny will be liable for battery, but not assault.","Donny will not be liable for either assault or battery because he did not actually hit Sally with the knife.","Donny will be liable for assault, but not battery because he missed Sally with the knife.","Donny will be liable for assault and for battery.","Donny will not be liable for either assault or battery because this is only a criminal matter.","Donny will not be liable for either assault or battery because Sally was not physically harmed.","Donny will be liable for assault and battery because he intended to cause harm.","Donny will be liable for both assault and battery because Sally was terrified.","Donny will be liable for battery, but not assault because Sally was able to dodge the knife.","Donny will be liable for assault, but not battery."],"correct":"J","answer":"C"}
{"number":1485,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. David Hume, a Scottish philosopher, is known for his empiricism and skepticism. His critique of natural law primarily revolves around the idea that moral principles cannot be derived from reason alone. Hume famously argued that one cannot derive an \"ought\" from an \"is,\" meaning that objective knowledge of what is morally right or wrong cannot be obtained purely through reason or observation of the natural world.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Hume's attack on natural law is founded on his argument that:","score":1,"choices":["We cannot objectively know what is morally right or wrong.","Natural law is backward-looking.","There is no such thing as a social contract.","Natural law fails to protect the state against attacks."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1486,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on philosophy for help. David Hume's critique of natural law is primarily based on his empirical approach to knowledge. He argued that moral principles cannot be derived from reason alone and must be based on human experience and observation. Therefore, his main contention was that natural law is not grounded in empirical evidence.\nAnswer: H","question":"Hume's attack on natural law is founded on his argument that:","score":0,"choices":["There is no universal agreement on what constitutes natural law.","Natural law is an arbitrary concept.","Natural law does not apply to all cultures and societies.","Natural law is backward-looking.","There is no such thing as a social contract.","We cannot objectively know what is morally right or wrong.","Natural law is an outdated concept.","Natural law is not based on empirical evidence.","Natural law fails to protect the state against attacks.","Natural law does not give adequate consideration to individual rights."],"correct":"F","answer":"H"}
{"number":1487,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Thomas Hobbes and John Locke are both social contract theorists, but they have fundamentally different views on the state of nature and the social contract. Hobbes believed that life in the state of nature would be \"solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short,\" necessitating a powerful sovereign to maintain order and prevent chaos. Locke, on the other hand, viewed the state of nature more positively, as a state of equality and freedom where natural law governs behavior. For Locke, the social contract is primarily about protecting natural rights rather than escaping a brutal existence.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Which statement is closest to characterizing the principal difference between the positions adopted by Hobbes and Locke?","score":1,"choices":["They adopt different attitudes towards the role of the courts in maintaining order.","They disagree about the role of law in society.","They have opposing views about the nature of contractual obligations.","They differ in respect of their account of life before the social contract."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1488,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on political philosophy for help. Thomas Hobbes and John Locke both discussed the concept of the social contract, but they had fundamentally different views on the state of nature before the social contract. Hobbes believed that life in the state of nature would be \"solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short,\" necessitating a strong, centralized authority to maintain order. Locke, on the other hand, viewed the state of nature more positively as a state of equality and freedom where natural rights existed. Therefore, their principal difference lies in their account of life before the social contract.\nAnswer: G","question":"Which statement is closest to characterizing the principal difference between the positions adopted by Hobbes and Locke?","score":1,"choices":["They differ in their views about the necessity of a social contract.","They disagree about the role of law in society.","They have contrasting views on the role of religion in society.","They have different ideas about the importance of education.","They have different perspectives on economic policies.","They have opposing views about the nature of contractual obligations.","They differ in respect of their account of life before the social contract.","They hold opposing views on the subject of individual rights.","They disagree on the structure and role of government in society.","They adopt different attitudes towards the role of the courts in maintaining order."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1489,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The concept of natural law, which posits that certain rights or values are inherent by virtue of human nature and can be universally understood through human reason, has its roots in ancient philosophy. It was first articulated by Greek philosophers such as Aristotle and later developed by Roman thinkers like Cicero. Therefore, the idea of â€˜natural lawâ€™ first appeared in Greek Thinking.\nAnswer: D","question":"In which of the following the idea of â€˜natural lawâ€™ first appeared","score":1,"choices":["French Revolution","American War of Independence","Roman Law","Greek Thinking"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1490,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The concept of punishment refers to the act itself, while its justification refers to the reasons or rationale behind why it is carried out. Separating these two allows for a clear, value-neutral understanding of what punishment is, without conflating it with the various moral, ethical, or practical reasons that might be used to justify it.\nAnswer: C","question":"Why is it important to separate the concept of punishment from its justification?","score":1,"choices":["Because the concept of punishment has evolved over time.","Because punishment can be justified in multiple ways.","Because any definition of punishment should be value-neutral.","Because the practice of punishment is separate from its justification.","Because the justification of punishment varies across cultures.","Because the concept of punishment is often misunderstood.","Because the concept of punishment is controversial.","Because the justification of punishment is a matter of personal opinion.","Because its justification depends on the concept employed."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1491,"response":"Explanation: The UK Constitution is unique in that it is not written in a single document. Instead, it is uncodified and can be found in a variety of sources including statutes, common law, conventions, and works of authority. This makes it flexible and adaptable to changes without the need for a formal amendment process.\nAnswer: H","question":"Which of these statements best describes the UK Constitution?","score":1,"choices":["The UK Constitution is a direct copy of the US Constitution","The UK Constitution is codified and contained in a single document","The UK Constitution can be changed by a simple majority vote in Parliament","The UK Constitution gives the judiciary the power to overturn acts of parliament","The UK Constitution is based on a Bill of Rights","The UK Constitution's power is derived solely from Parliament","The UK Constitution is based entirely on European Union law","The UK Constitution is uncodified and can be found in a number of sources","The UK Constitution's only source of power is that of the sovereign","The UK Constitution is based solely on common law"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1492,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the UK Constitution for help. The UK Constitution is unique in that it is not written in a single document (uncodified) and can be found in various sources including statutes, common law, and conventions. This makes it different from a codified constitution like that of the US.\nAnswer: H","question":"Which of these statements best describes the UK Constitution?","score":1,"choices":["The UK Constitution is a direct copy of the US Constitution","The UK Constitution is codified and contained in a single document","The UK Constitution can be changed by a simple majority vote in Parliament","The UK Constitution gives the judiciary the power to overturn acts of parliament","The UK Constitution is based on a Bill of Rights","The UK Constitution's power is derived solely from Parliament","The UK Constitution is based entirely on European Union law","The UK Constitution is uncodified and can be found in a number of sources","The UK Constitution's only source of power is that of the sovereign","The UK Constitution is based solely on common law"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1493,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. \"Jure imperii\" refers to acts performed by a state or its agents in an official capacity, while \"jure gestionis\" refers to acts performed in a private or commercial capacity. Unlawful homicide committed by a minister of a country abroad would typically be considered an act performed in an official capacity, thus falling under \"jure imperii.\"\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Is the unlawful homicide committed by Minister of country X abroad an act jure imperii or jure gestionis?","score":0,"choices":["Such conduct is a public act but is shielded by immunity","Such conduct is a private act but is not shielded by immunity","Such conduct is a public act and does not attract immunity","Such conduct is a public act (jure imperii)","Such conduct is a private act (jure gestionis)","Such conduct is a private act and is shielded by immunity","Such conduct is a public act (jure gestionis)","Such conduct never attracts immunity","Such conduct is neither a public nor a private act","Such conduct is a private act (jure imperii)"],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1494,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. According to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, a treaty does not create either obligations or rights for a third State without its consent. This principle is known as \"pacta tertiis nec nocent nec prosunt\" (agreements neither harm nor benefit third parties).\nAnswer: A","question":"Do treaties bind third States, ie non-State parties?","score":1,"choices":["Treaties do no create obligations or rights for third States without their consent","Treaties create both obligations and rights for third States","Treaties do not create any rights for third States, even when the latter consent.","Treaties may create only obligations for third States","Treaties create obligations for third States without their consent","Treaties may create only rights for third States","Treaties do not create any obligations or rights for third States, even when the latter consent.","Treaties create rights for third States without their consent"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1495,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on English law for help. For a custom to be incorporated under English law, it must not conflict with existing legislation or the common law. This ensures that customs do not undermine established legal principles and statutory provisions.\nAnswer: I","question":"What is the fundamental prerequisite for the incorporation of custom under English law?","score":0,"choices":["Custom is superior to English law and is always incorporated","Custom is not incorporated under English law","Custom is incorporated if it has been approved by the Queen","Custom is incorporated if it is not in conflict with existing legislation","Custom is incorporated if it has been practiced for at least a century","Custom is incorporated if it is ratified by a national referendum","Custom is only incorporated if it is universally practiced throughout England","Custom must first be recognised by Parliament before the courts can bring it into the domestic sphere","Custom is incorporated if it is not in conflict with the common law","Custom is incorporated with the passing of implementing legislation"],"correct":"D","answer":"I"}
{"number":1496,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The attorney-client privilege is designed to encourage open and honest communication between clients and their attorneys. This privilege applies even if the attorney was not ultimately retained, as long as the consultation was for the purpose of seeking legal advice. The presence of the father does not nullify this privilege, especially since the boy is a minor and cannot independently waive his rights.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"One afternoon, a pilot was flying a small airplane when it suddenly ran out of gas. As he was coming in for an emergency landing, the plane crossed into a neighboring state at a very low altitude. At this time, a 9-year-old boy was walking to school when he was struck and injured by an object, which may have fallen from the plane. In federal court, a negligence suit was brought against the pilot by the father of the boy for his son. Accompanied by his father, the boy had visited an attorney for preliminary discussions regarding the case. However, the father did not retain the attorney to represent his son in the lawsuit. Instead, the father hired another lawyer to handle the case. At trial, the pilot's attorney calls the consulting attorney to testify what the boy had said to him regarding his physical condition during the consultation that the attorney had had with the boy and his father. The attorney's testimony is","score":0,"choices":["admissible, because the father did not retain the consulting attorney, thus nullifying any privilege.","inadmissible, because it was a statement of physical condition not made for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment.","inadmissible, because the attorney-client privilege prevents such a breach of confidential communications.","inadmissible, because the attorney-client privilege is maintained even if a different attorney is hired.","admissible, because the lawsuit makes all previous communications related to the case public.","admissible, because the boy was not the attorney's client, only the father was.","admissible, because there is no privilege of confidentiality when a person other than the client is present at the attorney-client consultation.","admissible, because the attorney-client privilege was waived by the filing of the lawsuit.","inadmissible, because the consultation was preliminary and does not constitute a formal attorney-client relationship.","inadmissible, because the boy is a minor and cannot legally waive his rights to attorney-client privilege."],"correct":"C","answer":"D"}
{"number":1497,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The attorney-client privilege is designed to protect confidential communications between a client and their attorney. This privilege applies even if the attorney was not ultimately retained, as long as the communication was made in the context of seeking legal advice. The fact that the father did not retain the consulting attorney does not nullify the privilege, and the presence of the father does not waive it because he is acting on behalf of his minor son.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"One afternoon, a pilot was flying a small airplane when it suddenly ran out of gas. As he was coming in for an emergency landing, the plane crossed into a neighboring state at a very low altitude. At this time, a 9-year-old boy was walking to school when he was struck and injured by an object, which may have fallen from the plane. In federal court, a negligence suit was brought against the pilot by the father of the boy for his son. Accompanied by his father, the boy had visited an attorney for preliminary discussions regarding the case. However, the father did not retain the attorney to represent his son in the lawsuit. Instead, the father hired another lawyer to handle the case. At trial, the pilot's attorney calls the consulting attorney to testify what the boy had said to him regarding his physical condition during the consultation that the attorney had had with the boy and his father. The attorney's testimony is","score":0,"choices":["admissible, because the father did not retain the consulting attorney, thus nullifying any privilege.","inadmissible, because it was a statement of physical condition not made for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment.","inadmissible, because the attorney-client privilege prevents such a breach of confidential communications.","inadmissible, because the attorney-client privilege is maintained even if a different attorney is hired.","admissible, because the lawsuit makes all previous communications related to the case public.","admissible, because the boy was not the attorney's client, only the father was.","admissible, because there is no privilege of confidentiality when a person other than the client is present at the attorney-client consultation.","admissible, because the attorney-client privilege was waived by the filing of the lawsuit.","inadmissible, because the consultation was preliminary and does not constitute a formal attorney-client relationship.","inadmissible, because the boy is a minor and cannot legally waive his rights to attorney-client privilege."],"correct":"C","answer":"D"}
{"number":1498,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on estate law for help. The key points here are the prenuptial agreement, the deed conveying the condominium to Kathy and Bill as an estate by the entirety, and the original will.\n\n1. **Prenuptial Agreement**: Kathy relinquished all rights she might otherwise enjoy by marrying Bill.\n2. **Deed Conveying Condominium**: Bill signed and delivered a deed conveying the condominium to himself and Kathy as an estate by the entirety, which means that upon Bill's death, Kathy would automatically become the sole owner of the condominium.\n3. **Original Will**: The will devised the pasture land to Tommy, the condominium to Julie, and all other assets equally to Tommy and Julie.\n\nGiven these points:\n- The prenuptial agreement does not affect the deed conveying the condominium to Kathy and Bill as an estate by the entirety.\n- Therefore, Kathy gets the condominium due to the deed.\n- Tommy gets the pasture land as per the will.\n- The rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie according to Bill's original will.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Bill, a single man, owned pasture land in Deerwoods, Florida, which he leased to a tenant. He also owned a condominium in Miami, which he held for investment. In his will, he devised the pasture land to his son Tommy and the condominium to his daughter Julie. All other assets would pass equally to Tommy and Julie. Bill met Kathy and married her after she executed a valid prenuptial agreement relinquishing all rights she might otherwise enjoy by marrying Bill. On their Miami honeymoon they drove by the condominium and Kathy declared she'd love to live there. Bill was so happy with Kathy that after the honeymoon he signed and delivered to Kathy a deed conveying the condominium to himself and Kathy as an estate by the entirety and made plans to live in the condominium as soon as the tenant vacated. Bill died the next day. How are the foregoing assets distributed?","score":1,"choices":["Kathy gets the condominium, but because Bill had originally indicated his intent to devise equally to his children, Tommy and Julie will split the remaining estate.","Julie receives the condominium due to her father's original will, Tommy gets the pasture land, and the rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie.","Kathy gets the condominium due to the deed, Tommy gets the pasture land, and the rest of the estate is split evenly between Tommy, Julie, and Kathy.","Kathy, as the surviving spouse, gets the entire estate regardless of the prenuptial agreement.","Tommy and Julie split all assets equally, as the prenuptial agreement nullifies any changes made after the marriage.","Regardless of the prenuptial agreement, Kathy is a pretermitted spouse. Since Bill leaves surviving lineal descendants who are not Kathy's, Kathy receives 50% of the estate, Tommy gets the pasture land, and Tommy and Julie split the residue of the estate.","Kathy gets the condominium regardless of the prenuptial agreement, Tommy takes the pasture land and Tommy and Julie split the rest of the estate.","Tommy receives the pasture land, Julie gets the condominium, and the rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie, as Kathy signed a prenuptial agreement.","Tommy gets the pasture land, Kathy gets the condominium due to her husband's last wish, and the remaining estate is split between Tommy, Julie, and Kathy.","Due to Kathy's prenuptial agreement, Tommy receives the pasture land, Julie gets the condominium and Tommy and Julie split the rest of the estate."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1499,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on estate law for help. In this scenario, Bill's will initially devised the condominium to Julie and the pasture land to Tommy. However, after marrying Kathy and executing a valid prenuptial agreement, Bill conveyed the condominium to himself and Kathy as an estate by the entirety. This type of ownership means that upon Bill's death, Kathy would automatically become the sole owner of the condominium, regardless of what was stated in the will.\n\nThe prenuptial agreement relinquishing all rights Kathy might otherwise enjoy by marrying Bill does not affect her right to the condominium because it was conveyed to her as an estate by the entirety, which is a form of joint ownership with rights of survivorship.\n\nTherefore:\n- Kathy gets the condominium due to the deed.\n- Tommy gets the pasture land as per Bill's will.\n- The rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie as per Bill's will.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Bill, a single man, owned pasture land in Deerwoods, Florida, which he leased to a tenant. He also owned a condominium in Miami, which he held for investment. In his will, he devised the pasture land to his son Tommy and the condominium to his daughter Julie. All other assets would pass equally to Tommy and Julie. Bill met Kathy and married her after she executed a valid prenuptial agreement relinquishing all rights she might otherwise enjoy by marrying Bill. On their Miami honeymoon they drove by the condominium and Kathy declared she'd love to live there. Bill was so happy with Kathy that after the honeymoon he signed and delivered to Kathy a deed conveying the condominium to himself and Kathy as an estate by the entirety and made plans to live in the condominium as soon as the tenant vacated. Bill died the next day. How are the foregoing assets distributed?","score":1,"choices":["Kathy gets the condominium, but because Bill had originally indicated his intent to devise equally to his children, Tommy and Julie will split the remaining estate.","Julie receives the condominium due to her father's original will, Tommy gets the pasture land, and the rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie.","Kathy gets the condominium due to the deed, Tommy gets the pasture land, and the rest of the estate is split evenly between Tommy, Julie, and Kathy.","Kathy, as the surviving spouse, gets the entire estate regardless of the prenuptial agreement.","Tommy and Julie split all assets equally, as the prenuptial agreement nullifies any changes made after the marriage.","Regardless of the prenuptial agreement, Kathy is a pretermitted spouse. Since Bill leaves surviving lineal descendants who are not Kathy's, Kathy receives 50% of the estate, Tommy gets the pasture land, and Tommy and Julie split the residue of the estate.","Kathy gets the condominium regardless of the prenuptial agreement, Tommy takes the pasture land and Tommy and Julie split the rest of the estate.","Tommy receives the pasture land, Julie gets the condominium, and the rest of the estate is split between Tommy and Julie, as Kathy signed a prenuptial agreement.","Tommy gets the pasture land, Kathy gets the condominium due to her husband's last wish, and the remaining estate is split between Tommy, Julie, and Kathy.","Due to Kathy's prenuptial agreement, Tommy receives the pasture land, Julie gets the condominium and Tommy and Julie split the rest of the estate."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1500,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a common law jurisdiction, the friend initially agreed to help with the theft, which could be seen as forming an agreement to commit a crime, thus constituting conspiracy. However, he then called the police and did not actually assist in the commission of the crime. Since he did not take any steps to further the crime beyond the initial agreement and instead took steps to prevent it, he would not be guilty of conspiracy or aiding and abetting. Therefore, based on his actions, he is not guilty of any crime.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A young man suggested to his friend that they steal a large-screen TV from a neighbor's house. The friend wasangry with the young man and decided to use the opportunity to get even with him by having him arrested. Thefriend said he would help, and that night, he drove the young man to the neighbor's house. The young manbroke in while the friend remained outside. The friend called the police on his cell phone and then drove away. Police officers arrived at the scene just as the young man was carrying the TV out the back door. The friend is guilty of what offense in a common law jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["Conspiracy.","Conspiracy and larceny.","Criminal facilitation.","No crime.","Conspiracy and accessory to burglary.","Solicitation to commit a crime.","Burglary.","Aiding and abetting.","Accessory to burglary.","Larceny."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1501,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. At common law, conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of the conspiracy. Here, the friend agreed to help steal the TV but had no intention of actually committing the crime; instead, he intended to have the young man arrested. Thus, there was no true agreement to commit the crime, which negates conspiracy.\n\nCriminal facilitation involves providing assistance or encouragement to someone who commits a crime, knowing that it will aid in the commission of the crime. The friend did assist by driving the young man to the neighbor's house and calling the police, but his intent was not to facilitate the crime but rather to thwart it.\n\nAiding and abetting requires that a person assists or encourages another in committing a crime with the intent that the crime be committed. The friend's actions do not meet this criterion because his intent was not for the burglary to succeed but for the young man to be caught.\n\nGiven these considerations, none of the other options accurately describe an offense committed by the friend under common law principles.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A young man suggested to his friend that they steal a large-screen TV from a neighbor's house. The friend wasangry with the young man and decided to use the opportunity to get even with him by having him arrested. Thefriend said he would help, and that night, he drove the young man to the neighbor's house. The young manbroke in while the friend remained outside. The friend called the police on his cell phone and then drove away. Police officers arrived at the scene just as the young man was carrying the TV out the back door. The friend is guilty of what offense in a common law jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["Conspiracy.","Conspiracy and larceny.","Criminal facilitation.","No crime.","Conspiracy and accessory to burglary.","Solicitation to commit a crime.","Burglary.","Aiding and abetting.","Accessory to burglary.","Larceny."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1502,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The strongest argument would be based on the buyer's implied duty to make a reasonable effort to fulfill the condition precedent (obtaining a loan) in the contract. This is often interpreted as an implied promise or obligation under the doctrine of good faith and fair dealing in contract performance and enforcement. The buyer's lack of effort in obtaining a loan can be seen as a failure to act in good faith and make a reasonable effort to fulfill the condition.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An owner operated a successful retail business. He decided he wanted to retire and listed his business for sale. A buyer saw the listing and visited the retail business. The buyer told the owner that she was very interested in buying the business, but that she needed to get a loan from the bank to finance the purchase. The parties drafted a contract, signed by both parties, which stated that the buyer agreed to purchase the retail business from the owner for $250,000. The written agreement contained a provision wherein the sale would not take effect \"unless the buyer is successful in her bid to obtain a loan from a bank to finance the purchase of the business. \" Subsequently, the buyer made no effort to attempt to obtain a loan from a bank so that the sale could be finalized. After several months, the owner filed suit against the buyer for breach of contract. Which of the following will be the owner's strongest argument in support of his action against the buyer for breach of contract?","score":1,"choices":["The buyer's lack of effort in obtaining a loan is a breach of good faith and fair dealing.","The buyer was under a duty to inform the owner of her decision not to seek a loan.","Although obtaining a loan from a bank was a condition to the buyer's duty to buy the business, the condition should be excused because its non-occurrence would cause a forfeiture to the owner.","The owner suffered financial loss due to the buyer's inaction in seeking a loan.","The buyer breached an implied promise to make a reasonable effort to obtain a loan from a bank.","The obtaining of a loan from a bank was not worded as a \"condition\" to the buyer's duty to buy the business.","Although obtaining a loan from a bank was a condition to the buyer's duty to buy the business, it should be stricken from the contract because it is an unconscionable term.","The buyer did not explicitly state in the contract that she would not seek a loan."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1503,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Intoxication can sometimes be used as a defense to negate criminal culpability, but it generally depends on whether the intoxication was voluntary or involuntary and whether the crime requires specific intent or general intent.\n\nVoluntary intoxication is typically not a defense for crimes of general intent, such as arson, theft, or assault. It might be considered for specific intent crimes like conspiracy or attempted murder, but even then, it is often limited in its applicability.\n\nIn the case of statutory rape (Option F), intoxication would not negate criminal culpability because statutory rape is a strict liability offense. This means that the defendant's state of mind or intent does not matter; the act itself is sufficient to establish guilt.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In which of the following situations would the defendant's intoxication NOT be able to negate his criminal culpability?","score":1,"choices":["A defendant had been drinking liquor all evening at a bar with three of his buddies. An undercover detective overheard the defendant and his buddies plot to rob the bar after closing hours. When the defendant attempted to draw a gun from his coat, he was quickly disarmed and placed under arrest by the detective. The defendant is charged with the crime of conspiracy to commit robbery.","After consuming a large amount of alcohol at a party, a defendant decided to set a neighbor's car on fire out of spite. He was seen by witnesses and later arrested and charged with arson.","A defendant had been drinking at a local pub and got into a heated argument with another patron. The argument escalated, and the defendant pulled out a pocket knife and stabbed the other patron. The defendant is arrested and charged with attempted murder.","A defendant had consumed a fifth of bourbon. Later that same day, he approached a victim and, brandishing a knife, told her to accompany him or he would stab her. He led the victim to his car and then ordered her to disrobe. As the victim was removing her pantyhose, she kicked the defendant in the head, temporarily dazing him. The victim then safely ran from the car. The defendant is arrested and charged with the crime of assault with the intent to commit rape.","A defendant spent the evening drinking at a bar. On his way home, he broke into a house, intending to steal valuables. However, he fell asleep on the couch before he could steal anything. He was discovered by the homeowners and arrested and charged with attempted robbery.","At his law school graduation party, a defendant drank two six-packs of beer. Around midnight, the defendant was approached by a girl, who asked him to drive her home. Although the girl was only 15 years old, she had the appearance of a woman in her mid-to-late twenties. The defendant, who had had his eye on the girl all night, quickly agreed, and he showed her the way to his car. Once inside, they engaged in sexual intercourse. The age of consent in this jurisdiction is 17 years old for females. The defendant is subsequently arrested and charged with statutory rape.","A defendant was drinking at a bar when he noticed a woman leave her purse unattended. He stole the purse and was later arrested and charged with theft.","A defendant attended a wedding reception at a hotel, where he drank several vodka daiquiris. Following the reception, the defendant engaged in a violent argument with the hotel's parking lot attendant. The defendant took a tire iron from his car and threw it at the attendant. The tire iron missed the attendant and hit a victim as he was entering the hotel. The defendant is arrested and charged with assault with the intent to commit battery.","A defendant had been drinking heavily at a friend's house. Later that evening, he decided to drive home despite being significantly over the legal blood alcohol limit. On the way, he ran a red light and hit a pedestrian who was crossing the street. The defendant is arrested and charged with vehicular manslaughter.","After a night of heavy drinking, a defendant broke into a jewelry store and stole several expensive items. He was caught on the store's surveillance cameras and later arrested and charged with burglary."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1504,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Intoxication can sometimes be used as a defense to negate specific intent in crimes that require it, but it generally does not negate general intent or strict liability crimes. Statutory rape is a strict liability offense, meaning that the defendant's intent or state of mind is irrelevant to his culpability. Therefore, intoxication would not be able to negate criminal culpability in the case of statutory rape.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"In which of the following situations would the defendant's intoxication NOT be able to negate his criminal culpability?","score":1,"choices":["A defendant had been drinking liquor all evening at a bar with three of his buddies. An undercover detective overheard the defendant and his buddies plot to rob the bar after closing hours. When the defendant attempted to draw a gun from his coat, he was quickly disarmed and placed under arrest by the detective. The defendant is charged with the crime of conspiracy to commit robbery.","After consuming a large amount of alcohol at a party, a defendant decided to set a neighbor's car on fire out of spite. He was seen by witnesses and later arrested and charged with arson.","A defendant had been drinking at a local pub and got into a heated argument with another patron. The argument escalated, and the defendant pulled out a pocket knife and stabbed the other patron. The defendant is arrested and charged with attempted murder.","A defendant had consumed a fifth of bourbon. Later that same day, he approached a victim and, brandishing a knife, told her to accompany him or he would stab her. He led the victim to his car and then ordered her to disrobe. As the victim was removing her pantyhose, she kicked the defendant in the head, temporarily dazing him. The victim then safely ran from the car. The defendant is arrested and charged with the crime of assault with the intent to commit rape.","A defendant spent the evening drinking at a bar. On his way home, he broke into a house, intending to steal valuables. However, he fell asleep on the couch before he could steal anything. He was discovered by the homeowners and arrested and charged with attempted robbery.","At his law school graduation party, a defendant drank two six-packs of beer. Around midnight, the defendant was approached by a girl, who asked him to drive her home. Although the girl was only 15 years old, she had the appearance of a woman in her mid-to-late twenties. The defendant, who had had his eye on the girl all night, quickly agreed, and he showed her the way to his car. Once inside, they engaged in sexual intercourse. The age of consent in this jurisdiction is 17 years old for females. The defendant is subsequently arrested and charged with statutory rape.","A defendant was drinking at a bar when he noticed a woman leave her purse unattended. He stole the purse and was later arrested and charged with theft.","A defendant attended a wedding reception at a hotel, where he drank several vodka daiquiris. Following the reception, the defendant engaged in a violent argument with the hotel's parking lot attendant. The defendant took a tire iron from his car and threw it at the attendant. The tire iron missed the attendant and hit a victim as he was entering the hotel. The defendant is arrested and charged with assault with the intent to commit battery.","A defendant had been drinking heavily at a friend's house. Later that evening, he decided to drive home despite being significantly over the legal blood alcohol limit. On the way, he ran a red light and hit a pedestrian who was crossing the street. The defendant is arrested and charged with vehicular manslaughter.","After a night of heavy drinking, a defendant broke into a jewelry store and stole several expensive items. He was caught on the store's surveillance cameras and later arrested and charged with burglary."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1505,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In criminal law, voluntary intoxication can sometimes be used as a defense to negate the specific intent required for certain crimes. However, the facts indicate that the man and his friend discussed and decided to commit the burglary before entering the home, which demonstrates that they had formed the necessary intent despite their intoxication.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"After having several drinks in a bar, a man and his friend drove by a large home with its lights out. With the man sitting in the passenger seat, the friend pulled the car over. They were feeling drunk and aggressive from the drinks. After discussing it, they decided it was a safe bet to enter the home and see what they could take. They broke in and took several bags of jewelry. While driving away, they were stopped and arrested for burglary. The passenger used the defense that he was too intoxicated to form the specific intent to enter the home for the purpose of committing a felony therein. Do the facts described here indicate that the defense will likely prevail at a trial on the merits?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the alcohol impaired his judgment, making it impossible for him to make a rational decision.","No, because intoxication is never a defense to the commission of a felony.","Yes, because the feeling of being drunk and aggressive were not his natural mental state and therefore mens rea was defeated.","No, because they had the intent to commit the crime before they even entered the home.","Yes, because he was in fact too intoxicated to form the intent needed to prove burglary.","Yes, because he was the passenger and not the driver, thus was not directly involved in the act.","No, because the act of discussing and deciding to commit the act shows intent, regardless of intoxication.","No, because being intoxicated does not diminish the fact that a felony was committed.","No, because the facts indicate that he wasn't too intoxicated to form the necessary intent for burglary.","Yes, because he was under the influence of alcohol and therefore cannot be held responsible for his actions."],"correct":"I","answer":"G"}
{"number":1506,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the First Amendment, mere association with a group that engages in illegal activities is not sufficient for criminal liability unless there is specific intent to further those illegal activities. The Supreme Court has held that the government must prove that a person actively intended to further the group's illegal aims and objectives.\nAnswer: H","question":"A woman belonged to an organization that advocated for the United States to preemptively attack certain foreign countries. The organization usually used leafleting and public speeches to advance this view, but it sometimes engaged in violent demonstrations against the embassies and consuls of those countries. Although the woman had never participated in a violent demonstration, she was criminally prosecuted for being a member of the organization. In her defense, the woman claimed that her association with the organization was protected by the First Amendment. Which of the following would the prosecution need to prove to overcome that defense?","score":1,"choices":["The woman held a leadership position in the organization.","The woman expressed public support of the organization after the violent demonstrations.","The woman recruited new members into the organization after the violent demonstrations.","The woman was physically present during the violent demonstrations.","The woman continued to provide material aid to the organization through the payment of dues after the violent demonstrations.","The woman provided material aid to the organization through the payment of dues before the violent demonstrations.","The woman had knowledge of the organization's violent activities but did not report them.","The woman joined the organization with the specific intent of furthering its illegal activities.","The woman had knowledge of the organization's illegal activities before joining.","The woman publicly defended the organization's violent activities."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1507,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The doctor knowingly deceived the woman to perform an unnecessary procedure, which resulted in her death. This constitutes murder because it was a deliberate act that led to her death. Additionally, he obtained $500 under false pretenses, which is larceny by trick.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Believing she was pregnant, a woman went to see a doctor, a licensed gynecologist, because she wanted an abortion. The doctor examined her and determined that she was not pregnant, but decided that he would tell her she was, in order to earn his $500 fee. After receiving the $500, the doctor proceeded to have the woman admitted to a hospital by falsely informing the hospital authorities that she had a benign tumor on her uterus, which he was going to remove. He performed all the surgical procedures appropriate for an abortion under adequate hygienic conditions, but the woman began hemorrhaging and died. The doctor should be found guilty of","score":0,"choices":["murder and false pretenses.","battery and larceny by trick.","murder and larceny by trick.","manslaughter and larceny by trick.","manslaughter, battery, and false pretenses.","murder, manslaughter, and larceny by trick.","murder, battery, and false pretenses.","manslaughter and false pretenses.","battery, manslaughter, and larceny by trick.","battery and false pretenses."],"correct":"H","answer":"C"}
{"number":1508,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Solicitation involves asking someone to engage in illegal conduct, and conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime. In this case, the wife solicited the undercover agent to kill her husband, which constitutes solicitation. However, since the undercover agent never intended to go through with the plan, there was no genuine agreement to commit the crime, meaning there was no conspiracy. The wife's renunciation does not absolve her of solicitation because she had already committed that crime by asking the agent to kill her husband.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"After a wife found out about her husband's infidelity, she decided to have him killed. The defendant approached a hit man to solicit his assistance in carrying out the planned murder. Although the wife believed that he was a hit man, he was, in fact, an undercover agent. The wife told the undercovr agent she would pay him $20,000 if he accepted the job and an additional $20,000 after the killing was completed. Upon hearing the wife's proposal, the undercover agent told the wife he would kill her husband. However, the undercover agent secretly intended not to go through with the plan, and he merely feigned agreement because he wished to trap the wife. The wife told the undercover agent that she would deliver the first payment the next day. However, before making the initial payment, the wife learned that the hit man was really an undercover agent. Fearful that she might be prosecuted for planning her husband's murder, the wife contacted the police and renounced her participation in the criminal endeavor. The defendant will most likely be found","score":1,"choices":["not guilty of either solicitation or conspiracy to commit murder.","not guilty due to lack of intent.","guilty of attempted murder.","guilty of solicitation and conspiracy to commit murder.","not guilty due to renouncing her participation.","guilty of solicitation.","guilty of conspiracy to commit murder and attempted murder.","not guilty of conspiracy to commit murder, but guilty of solicitation.","guilty of attempted murder and solicitation.","guilty of conspiracy to commit murder."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1509,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In a federal diversity action, the federal court must apply state substantive law according to the Erie Doctrine. This means that the federal court should apply the choice-of-law rules of the state in which it sits. Therefore, the court should determine which state's negligence law a state court in State B would apply and then apply that law in this action.\nAnswer: F","question":"A truck driver from State A and a bus driver from State B were involved in a collision in State B that injured the truck driver. The truck driver filed a federal diversity action in State B based on negligence, seeking $100,000 in damages from the bus driver. What law of negligence should the court apply?","score":1,"choices":["The court should apply the federal common law of negligence.","The court should consider the negligence law of both State A and State B and apply the law that the court believes most appropriately governs negligence in this action.","The court should apply the negligence law of the state with the highest population.","The court should apply international negligence law.","The court should apply the negligence law of the state where the truck driver's company is headquartered.","The court should determine which state's negligence law a state court in State B would apply and apply that law in this action.","The court should apply the negligence law of State A, the truck driver's state of citizenship."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1510,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Erie Doctrine for help. In a federal diversity action, the court must apply state substantive law and federal procedural law. According to the Erie Doctrine, a federal court sitting in diversity jurisdiction must apply the choice-of-law rules of the state in which it sits. Therefore, the court should determine which state's negligence law a state court in State B would apply and then apply that law.\nAnswer: F","question":"A truck driver from State A and a bus driver from State B were involved in a collision in State B that injured the truck driver. The truck driver filed a federal diversity action in State B based on negligence, seeking $100,000 in damages from the bus driver. What law of negligence should the court apply?","score":1,"choices":["The court should apply the federal common law of negligence.","The court should consider the negligence law of both State A and State B and apply the law that the court believes most appropriately governs negligence in this action.","The court should apply the negligence law of the state with the highest population.","The court should apply international negligence law.","The court should apply the negligence law of the state where the truck driver's company is headquartered.","The court should determine which state's negligence law a state court in State B would apply and apply that law in this action.","The court should apply the negligence law of the state where the bus driver resides.","The court should apply the federal law of the state where the accident occurred.","The court should apply the negligence law of State B, the location of the accident.","The court should apply the negligence law of State A, the truck driver's state of citizenship."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1511,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for help. Rule 4(e) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure allows for service of process to be carried out according to the state law where the district court is located or where service is made. Therefore, serving the defendants in accordance with State B's rules of civil procedure would be appropriate and legally sound.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A university student, a citizen of State A, believes that her university violated federal law when it eliminated funding for the women's varsity volleyball team. She has sued the university, a nonprofit corporation located and incorporated in State B, and the university's athletic director, a citizen of State B, in federal court in State B. What is the best method of serving the defendants?","score":1,"choices":["Service by publication in a newspaper of general circulation in State B.","Service as required by State B's rules of civil procedure.","Service by emailing copies of the summons and complaint to the athletic director and the university president.","Service by faxing copies of the summons and complaint to the athletic director and the university president.","Service by the student herself on the athletic director and the university president.","Service by a process server's leaving copies of the summons and complaint with copies of the summons and complaint with secretaries in the respective offices of the athletic director and the university president.","Service by the student's attorney on the athletic director and the university president.","Service by sending copies of the summons and complaint through the university's internal mail system.","Service by leaving copies of the summons and complaint at the university's main entrance."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1512,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The statute of limitations bars the enforcement of debts after a certain period has passed. Even though the debtor made a new promise to pay, the original debt was already barred by the statute of limitations. This would be the strongest ground to argue that the debtor's oral promise is unenforceable because the debt was legally unenforceable at the time of the new promise.\nAnswer: C","question":"A debtor owed a creditor $750 on an old debt. On July 1, the debt was barred by the statute of limitations. On August 1, the debtor ran into the creditor at a party and overheard him telling mutual friends that the debtor \"is a deadbeat who weiches on his debts. \" Feeling pangs of guilt, the debtor approached the creditor and orally agreed to pay him the $750 debt on September 1. The debtor refused to pay the creditor the $750 as promised on September 1St. If the creditor sues the debtor to recover the $750 debt, which would provide the strongest grounds that the debtor's oral promise was unenforceable?","score":0,"choices":["It was not supported by new consideration.","It was violative of the statute of frauds.","The debt was already barred by the statute of limitations.","There was no mutuality of obligation."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1513,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The statute of limitations had already barred the debt, making it legally unenforceable. For a new promise to pay an old debt that is barred by the statute of limitations to be enforceable, it typically needs to be supported by new consideration or be in writing, depending on jurisdiction. Since the debtor's promise was not supported by new consideration and was made orally, the strongest ground would be that the debt was already barred by the statute of limitations.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A debtor owed a creditor $750 on an old debt. On July 1, the debt was barred by the statute of limitations. On August 1, the debtor ran into the creditor at a party and overheard him telling mutual friends that the debtor \"is a deadbeat who weiches on his debts. \" Feeling pangs of guilt, the debtor approached the creditor and orally agreed to pay him the $750 debt on September 1. The debtor refused to pay the creditor the $750 as promised on September 1St. If the creditor sues the debtor to recover the $750 debt, which would provide the strongest grounds that the debtor's oral promise was unenforceable?","score":0,"choices":["There was no mutuality of obligation.","The creditor's claim was based on hearsay.","The promise was made out of guilt, not legal obligation.","It was violative of the statute of frauds.","The debtor was under duress when he made the promise.","The debtor had no legal capacity to enter into the agreement.","The debt was already barred by the statute of limitations.","The promise was not made in a formal legal setting.","It was not supported by new consideration.","The debtor did not provide a written agreement for the promise."],"correct":"D","answer":"G"}
{"number":1514,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An executory contract is one in which some future act or obligation remains to be performed according to its terms. A fully executory contract is when neither party has performed any of their obligations yet. A partially executed contract means that at least one party has begun performance, and a fully executed contract means both parties have completed their performance.\n\nThe least correct statement would be the one that incorrectly describes the status of performance under an executory or executed contract. Statement A claims that a fully executory contract is when both parties have completed their performance, which is incorrect because it describes a fully executed contract, not an executory one.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"There may be a substantial time period between contract formation and final completion of performance. Concerning these executory contracts, which of the following is the least correct?","score":0,"choices":["A fully executory contract is when both parties have completed their performance.","A partially executed contract means that both parties have begun but not completed performance.","An executory contract is when one party has performed and the other party has not yet begun performance.","An executed contract exists when both parties have fully performed and no obligations remain.","A partially executed contract means that at least one party has begun performance.","A partially executory contract is when one party has begun performance and the other party has completed performance.","A fully executed contract exists when neither party has any remaining obligations.","A partially executed contract means that one party has completed performance while the other party has only promised.","A wholly executory contract is where only promises have been exchanged and there has been no performance by either party.","An executory contract is when both parties have yet to begin performance."],"correct":"H","answer":"A"}
{"number":1515,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Municipalities can be held liable for the negligence of their contractors if the work involves a non-delegable duty, which is proprietary in nature. The repair and maintenance of public utilities like water mains fall under such duties. Sovereign immunity does not protect municipalities from liability in these cases.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"At 10:00p. m. onNovember 14, a driver was operating his automobile along Main Street. As the driver was approaching the intersection of Main Street and First Avenue, a motorist, who was driving straight through a red light, suddenly appeared before him. Trying to avoid the motorist, the driver veered his car onto the sidewalk. The car landed in a deep hole in the sidewalk. This hole had been dug by a construction company, which had been repairing a water main break earlier in the day. The construction company had been hired by the local municipal water department. Although the' construction company had erected a warning sign advising pedestrians about the hole, there was no fence or barrier surrounding it. When the driver's car fell into the hole, it ruptured the water main, engulfing the car with water. Within a short time, the driver, unable to escape, drowned in his car, which rapidly filled with water. In a wrongful death action by the driver's estate against the municipal water department, the estate will most probably","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, because the municipal water department would not be liable for the negligence of its independent contractor.","not prevail, because the driver was negligent for driving onto the sidewalk.","prevail, as the municipal water department is responsible for the safe operation of its contractors.","prevail, because the city government would be strictly liable for failing to ensure the water main repair work was done properly.","not prevail, as the municipal water department had no control over the actions of the driver or the other motorist.","not prevail, because sovereign immunity attaches to functions that are governmental in nature.","prevail, because the construction company failed to adequately warn the public of the hazard.","not prevail, because the accident was caused by the actions of another motorist, not the municipal water department.","prevail, because sovereign immunity would not attach to non-delegable duties, which are proprietary in nature.","prevail, because the municipal water department failed to ensure that the construction company had put adequate safety measures in place."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1516,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The senior associate's actions resulted in the death of the young associate, even though there was no physical contact. The senior associate's threat caused a fatal seizure due to the young associate's heart condition. This situation involves an unintentional killing resulting from reckless behavior, which aligns with the definition of involuntary manslaughter.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A senior associate in a law firm was conducting spot checks of other associates as they left the office to determine who had taken some documents that were missing from the firm's library. A young associate was leaving his office for the day when he was stopped by the defendant, who asked him to open his briefcase. The senior associate explained that some files from the law office had been stolen. Startled, the young associate refused to permit the senior associate to look in his briefcase. The young associate said that he had personal papers in his briefcase and he didn't want the senior associate to see them. Having his suspicions aroused, the senior associate raised his clenched fist and exclaimed, \"If you don't hand over that briefcase, I'm going to punch you in the mouth. \" The young associate, who, unknown to the senior associate, suffered from a serious heart condition, had a seizure and died as a result of fright produced by the threatened attack. Which of the following is the most serious crime for which the senior associate should be found guilty?","score":1,"choices":["Voluntary manslaughtÃƒÂ§r.","No crime, it was self-defense.","Aggravated assault.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Assault.","Attempted murder.","Murder.","Negligent homicide.","Battery.","Criminal Threat."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1517,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The senior associate's actions led to the death of the young associate, even though there was no physical contact. The senior associate threatened violence, which caused the young associate to have a fatal seizure due to his heart condition. This scenario fits the definition of involuntary manslaughter, which typically involves an unintentional killing resulting from recklessness or criminal negligence.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A senior associate in a law firm was conducting spot checks of other associates as they left the office to determine who had taken some documents that were missing from the firm's library. A young associate was leaving his office for the day when he was stopped by the defendant, who asked him to open his briefcase. The senior associate explained that some files from the law office had been stolen. Startled, the young associate refused to permit the senior associate to look in his briefcase. The young associate said that he had personal papers in his briefcase and he didn't want the senior associate to see them. Having his suspicions aroused, the senior associate raised his clenched fist and exclaimed, \"If you don't hand over that briefcase, I'm going to punch you in the mouth. \" The young associate, who, unknown to the senior associate, suffered from a serious heart condition, had a seizure and died as a result of fright produced by the threatened attack. Which of the following is the most serious crime for which the senior associate should be found guilty?","score":1,"choices":["Voluntary manslaughtÃƒÂ§r.","No crime, it was self-defense.","Aggravated assault.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Assault.","Attempted murder.","Murder.","Negligent homicide.","Battery.","Criminal Threat."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1518,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In personal injury cases, damages for lost earning capacity are often awarded based on the potential future earnings of the injured party. While it is true that there is some level of speculation involved, courts generally allow evidence of future earning potential if it is reasonably certain and not purely speculative. The fact that the woman was considered a bright and upcoming student in her field provides a reasonable basis for estimating her future earnings as a professional ballet dancer. Therefore, the appellate court is unlikely to reverse the verdict solely on the grounds of lost earning capacity if the trial court found the evidence sufficiently credible.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman was hit in the right eye by a shard of glass when her car was rear-ended by an industrial truck. She was hospitalized, lost her eye, and had several operations over several years. She could not return to work as an apprentice ballet dancer due to loss of coordination, constant headaches, and severe disfigurement. She is considered totally disabled. She had been training for the ballet for many years and, at the trial against the tortfeasor, she proved that she was considered a bright and uncoming student. The defendant claimed that this was still too speculative whether she would have been successful. The trial court disagreed and allowed evidence on the lost earning capacity of a ballet dancer. The jury awarded $3 million. Will the appellate court likely reverse the verdict due to the lost earning capacity issue?","score":1,"choices":["No, the jury's award is discretionary and inviolate, and it may not be disturbed with respect to personal injury damages.","No, because some imprecision in the evidence regarding loss of earning capacity is to be expected and is not grounds for excluding the evidence.","Yes, the evidence did not guarantee or assure anyone that she really would have been a successful professional ballet dancer.","Yes, she can only collect for lost work that she held prior to the accident; her future lost earning capacity could be based on an apprentice ballet dancer."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1519,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In personal injury cases, the jury has broad discretion in awarding damages, including for lost earning capacity. While the defendant can argue that the damages are speculative, courts generally allow some imprecision in evidence regarding future earnings, especially when the plaintiff has shown a reasonable likelihood of success in their chosen career. The appellate court is unlikely to reverse the verdict solely on the basis of speculative future earnings if there was sufficient evidence presented at trial to support the jury's award.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A woman was hit in the right eye by a shard of glass when her car was rear-ended by an industrial truck. She was hospitalized, lost her eye, and had several operations over several years. She could not return to work as an apprentice ballet dancer due to loss of coordination, constant headaches, and severe disfigurement. She is considered totally disabled. She had been training for the ballet for many years and, at the trial against the tortfeasor, she proved that she was considered a bright and uncoming student. The defendant claimed that this was still too speculative whether she would have been successful. The trial court disagreed and allowed evidence on the lost earning capacity of a ballet dancer. The jury awarded $3 million. Will the appellate court likely reverse the verdict due to the lost earning capacity issue?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the damages awarded are excessive and not substantiated by concrete proof of earning capacity.","Yes, because the plaintiff failed to prove that she would have definitely become a successful professional ballet dancer.","Yes, because the defendant has the right to challenge the amount of the award given by the jury.","Yes, the evidence did not guarantee or assure anyone that she really would have been a successful professional ballet dancer.","No, the jury's award is discretionary and inviolate, and it may not be disturbed with respect to personal injury damages.","Yes, she can only collect for lost work that she held prior to the accident; her future lost earning capacity could be based on an apprentice ballet dancer.","No, because some imprecision in the evidence regarding loss of earning capacity is to be expected and is not grounds for excluding the evidence."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1520,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The hearsay rule generally prohibits the use of out-of-court statements to prove the truth of the matter asserted, unless an exception applies. One such exception is the learned treatise exception, which allows statements from authoritative texts to be used in court if they are established as reliable authority by the testimony or admission of a witness or by judicial notice. However, this exception typically requires that the treatise be used during the examination of an expert witness who can validate its authority and relevance.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A defendant, a nurse at a nursing home, is charged with murdering a resident at the home by adding an allegedly lethal substance to the resident's food. At trial, to prove that the substance added to the resident's food could result in death, the prosecutor, without first calling any witnesses, offers to read into evidence several pages from a standard medical treatise that support the prosecution's claim that the substance the defendant added to the food is lethal. Is the evidence offered admissible?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the lethal nature of the substance is relevant to the defendant's state of mind and intent.","Yes, because the treatise is a public document and therefore exempt from the hearsay rule.","No, because the treatise itself must be introduced as an exhibit.","Yes, because the prosecutor is allowed to introduce evidence without calling witnesses.","No, because the treatise excerpts are considered hearsay and do not qualify for an exception.","Yes, although hearsay, under the learned treatise exception to the hearsay rule.","Yes, because the prosecution is merely providing evidence that supports their claim.","No, because the treatise excerpts were not offered during the examination of a qualified expert.","No, because the substance's lethal nature is not relevant to the case."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1521,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. In legal proceedings, hearsay is generally inadmissible unless it falls under a recognized exception. The \"learned treatise\" exception allows for the admission of statements from authoritative texts if they are established as reliable authority by the testimony or admission of an expert witness. However, the treatise itself must be introduced during the examination of a qualified expert who can confirm its reliability and relevance.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant, a nurse at a nursing home, is charged with murdering a resident at the home by adding an allegedly lethal substance to the resident's food. At trial, to prove that the substance added to the resident's food could result in death, the prosecutor, without first calling any witnesses, offers to read into evidence several pages from a standard medical treatise that support the prosecution's claim that the substance the defendant added to the food is lethal. Is the evidence offered admissible?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the lethal nature of the substance is relevant to the defendant's state of mind and intent.","No, because the treatise must be confirmed by an expert in the field before being admissible.","Yes, because the treatise is a public document and therefore exempt from the hearsay rule.","No, because the treatise itself must be introduced as an exhibit.","Yes, because the prosecutor is allowed to introduce evidence without calling witnesses.","No, because the treatise excerpts are considered hearsay and do not qualify for an exception.","Yes, although hearsay, under the learned treatise exception to the hearsay rule.","Yes, because the prosecution is merely providing evidence that supports their claim.","No, because the treatise excerpts were not offered during the examination of a qualified expert.","No, because the substance's lethal nature is not relevant to the case."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1522,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The covenant prohibiting mobile homes was included in the original deeds and recorded with the county recorder's office, which means it was intended to run with the land. This covenant could be enforced by any subdivision lot owner as it is a common restriction in the subdivision plan. The buyer should have had constructive notice of the restriction because it was recorded and part of the public record. All subsequent grantees of the builder would be in privity of estate because they are successors in interest to the original developer.\n\nThe least accurate statement is that the covenant prohibiting mobile homes ran with the land as far as the builder, but not as far as the buyer. This is inaccurate because if a covenant runs with the land, it binds all subsequent owners, including the buyer.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"In 1996, a developer purchased a 100-acre tract located in a northern county in a state. Shortly thereafter, the developer prepared a subdivision plan that created 100 one-acre residential building lots on this tract. In 1997, the subdivision plan was recorded with the county recorder's office. During the next few years, the developer sold 60 residential lots to individual purchasers. Each deed specified that every lot designated on the subdivision plan was to be recorded in the county recorder's office. Each deed also provided the following:\"No house trailer or mobile home shall be built or maintained on any lot within the subdivision. \"In 2003, the developer conveyed the remaining 40 lots to a builder by deed that included language identical to that contained in the first 60 deeds. This deed from the developer to the builder was recorded. By 2008, the builder had sold all of the 40 lots. Each of these deeds identified each lot as being a part of the subdivision, but did not include the clause relating to mobile homes. On January 30, 2009, a buyer, who had purchased one of the residential lots from the builder, placed a mobile home on his property. Which of the following statements is LEAST accurate with respect to the buyer's deed?","score":1,"choices":["The covenant prohibiting mobile homes ran with the land as far as the builder, but not as far as the buyer.","The covenant prohibiting mobile homes could be enforced by any subdivision lot owner.","The buyer should have had constructive notice of the restriction against mobile homes.","All subsequent grantees of the builder would be in privity of estate."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1523,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The covenant prohibiting mobile homes was included in the original deeds and should have been recorded with the county recorder's office. This means that subsequent buyers, including the buyer in question, should have had constructive notice of the restriction. The covenant runs with the land and can be enforced by any subdivision lot owner, not just the original developer. The least accurate statement would be one that contradicts these principles.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"In 1996, a developer purchased a 100-acre tract located in a northern county in a state. Shortly thereafter, the developer prepared a subdivision plan that created 100 one-acre residential building lots on this tract. In 1997, the subdivision plan was recorded with the county recorder's office. During the next few years, the developer sold 60 residential lots to individual purchasers. Each deed specified that every lot designated on the subdivision plan was to be recorded in the county recorder's office. Each deed also provided the following:\"No house trailer or mobile home shall be built or maintained on any lot within the subdivision. \"In 2003, the developer conveyed the remaining 40 lots to a builder by deed that included language identical to that contained in the first 60 deeds. This deed from the developer to the builder was recorded. By 2008, the builder had sold all of the 40 lots. Each of these deeds identified each lot as being a part of the subdivision, but did not include the clause relating to mobile homes. On January 30, 2009, a buyer, who had purchased one of the residential lots from the builder, placed a mobile home on his property. Which of the following statements is LEAST accurate with respect to the buyer's deed?","score":0,"choices":["The buyer has no obligation to remove the mobile home.","All subsequent grantees of the builder would be in privity of contract.","The deed from the builder to the buyer did not include the covenant prohibiting mobile homes.","The covenant prohibiting mobile homes ran with the land as far as the builder, but not as far as the buyer.","All subsequent grantees of the builder would be in privity of estate.","The buyer should have had constructive notice of the restriction against mobile homes.","The buyer should have had actual notice of the restriction against mobile homes.","The covenant prohibiting mobile homes could be enforced by any subdivision lot owner.","The covenant prohibiting mobile homes was not recorded with the county recorder's office.","The covenant prohibiting mobile homes could only be enforced by the original developer."],"correct":"D","answer":"J"}
{"number":1524,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The ex post facto clause in the U.S. Constitution prohibits the government from enacting laws that apply retroactively, especially in a way that negatively affects an individual by criminalizing actions that were legal when originally performed or increasing the penalties for infractions after they have been committed. Since Corry's actions occurred before the new law was passed, applying this new clarification retroactively would violate this principle.\nAnswer: F","question":"New York State has a criminal statute making it illegal to knowingly interfere with the operation of government with malicious intent. Corry is a computer hacker, who shut down the New York government's website by infecting it with a virus. The virus entered the electronic mail of users and mailed itself to every address listed in each user's e-mail address book every two hours. The website was crippled for the last week of January. The state passed a law in February clarifying that knowingly infecting the state's internet server with a computer virus met the definition of interference in the statute. During the subsequent criminal trial against Corry in March, the state asked for a jury instruction based on the statutory computer virus clarification. The defense objects to the instruction. How should the state court judge rule?","score":1,"choices":["Admit the instruction, as a bill of attainder.","Reject the instruction, as it attempts to apply the law retroactively.","Admit the instruction, as it provides clarity on the existing law.","Reject the instruction, as it is irrelevant to the case.","Admit the instruction, as it is a valid interpretation of the law.","Reject the instruction, based on ex post facto.","Reject the instruction as a violation of due process.","Reject the instruction, as it is not a valid interpretation of the law.","Admit the instruction, because the law was passed before the prosecution was initiated.","Admit the instruction, as it is a necessary update to the law."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1525,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Solicitation involves urging, requesting, or commanding someone to engage in illegal conduct, particularly a felony. It does not require an agreement between two or more people; that would be conspiracy. Withdrawal is generally not a defense, and no act other than the solicitation itself is needed. Some jurisdictions may not consider it a crime, but the key point here is that solicitation is not about an agreement but rather about urging another to commit a crime.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A criminal actor committed the crime of solicitation. Which of the following does not apply to solicitation?","score":1,"choices":["Withdrawal is generally not a defense.","It is an agreement between two or more to commit a crime.","It is not considered a crime in some jurisdictions.","It is solicitation of another to commit a felony.","No act is needed other than the solicitation."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1526,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs sales of goods, when a buyer rightfully rejects goods, they must hold the goods with reasonable care at the seller's disposition for a time sufficient to permit the seller to remove them. If the seller gives no instructions within a reasonable time after notification of rejection, the buyer may store the rejected goods for the seller's account, reship them to the seller, or resell them for the seller's account. The dealer sold the tapestry after four weeks without further instructions from the collector. The dealer acted within his rights and sold it for more than the contract price.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A collector owned a rare 16th-century tapestry. The collector contracted in writing to sell the tapestry to a tapestry dealer for $100,000. The contract stipulated that delivery would be \"F. O. B. at the dealer's shop,\" with payment to be made one week after tender. When the dealer received the tapestry, he noticed that it had been damaged in transit. The dealer immediately contacted the collector and notified him that he was rejecting the tapestry because it had ripped apart and was becoming unwoven. The collector told the dealer that he would get back to him with re-shipping instructions. The collector did not make any further contact with the dealer. After four weeks, the dealer then sold the tapestry to a buyer for $120,000. If the collector sues the dealer for damages, the collector should recover","score":0,"choices":["$20,000, which covers the difference between the contract price and the sale price.","$110,000, which includes a 10% penalty on the resale.","$100,000, which is the contract price.","$120,000, which is the resale price.","Nothing, because the dealer acted within his rights after the collector failed to respond.","$100,000, because the dealer is entitled to the contract price.","$20,000, for the loss of potential profit due to the damaged tapestry.","$120,000, for conversion.","$108,000, because the dealer is entitled to a reasonable sum not exceeding 10% on the resale.","$130,000, including the contract price and a penalty for unauthorized resale."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1527,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on hearsay exceptions for help. The statement made by the car dealer to his sister can be considered a declaration against interest because it is a statement that was against the declarant's own interest at the time it was made, which makes it more likely to be truthful. This type of statement is an exception to the hearsay rule under the Federal Rules of Evidence.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A customer is suing a car dealer for selling him a salvaged vehicle that the car dealer had represented as being brand new. A few weeks before trial, the car dealer approached his sister and said, \"Sis, I need some sympathy. I sold a salvaged vehicle to a customer, and now he's suing me. I didn't mean any harm by it. I inspected the vehicle and everything. \" Unknown to either the car dealer or his sister, the sister's boyfriend was at the front door and overheard this conversation. When the time for trial came around, the car dealer left the country and refused to attend the trial, telling his attorney to handle it. The customer's attorney attempted several times to secure the car dealer's attendance at trial, but was unsuccessful. At trial, the sister's boyfriend is called to testify about the conversation he overheard. On objection by the car dealer's attorney, the court will most likely rule the testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a statement of intent.","inadmissible as it violates the defendant's right to confront the witness.","admissible as a declaration against interest.","admissible as a statement of present sense impression.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible under the excited utterance exception.","inadmissible as the statement was not made under oath.","inadmissible due to the absence of the defendant.","admissible as a statement of then-existing mental or emotional condition.","admissible as a spontaneous statement."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1528,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Vicarious liability holds employers responsible for the actions of their employees performed within the scope of their employment. The man, as an employee, entrusted the shop to his friend temporarily, and while this might be unauthorized, it does not absolve the company from liability for injuries caused by someone acting in a role that appeared to be authorized by the company (apparent authority). Therefore, the friendâ€™s negligence could be imputed to the company.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A man worked as a clerk in a gourmet coffee shop. His friend often stopped by the shop to chat with the man while the man was working. One afternoon, while the friend was visiting the shop, the man needed to use the bathroom. There were no customers in the shop at that moment, so the man asked the friend to watch the store for him while he went in the back to use the bathroom. The friend agreed to do so. While the man was in the bathroom, a customer came into the store. She wanted to purchase some freshly ground coffee. The shop had a grinding machine that customers could use. The customer selected a bag of coffee beans and then took it to the grinding machine. She was unsure how to start the machine, so she asked the friend for help. The friend tried to show the customer how to use the machine, but he was not familiar with how it worked, and he gave the customer erroneous instructions. The customer tried to follow the friend's instructions, but this led to her getting her finger pinched and cut by the machine. If the customer asserts a claim against the coffee shop company for her finger injury, the customer will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the company should have had a warning sign about the dangers of the machine.","not prevail, because the company is not liable for the friend's negligence.","prevail, because the company would be vicariously liable for the man's unauthorized actions.","not prevail, because the customer should have waited for an employee to operate the machine.","not prevail, because the friend was acting as a Good Samaritan.","not prevail, because the man acted outside the scope of employment by entrusting the supervision of the shop to his friend.","prevail, because the company failed to properly train the man on how to operate the machine.","not prevail, because the friend was not an employee of the coffee shop.","prevail, because the company failed to ensure that the man was never left alone in the shop.","prevail, because the friend's negligence would be imputed to the company."],"correct":"C","answer":"J"}
{"number":1529,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Generally, interlocutory appeals (appeals before the final judgment) are not permitted unless they fall under certain exceptions. The denial of a motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction is typically not immediately appealable because it does not terminate the litigation. The surgeon would generally have to wait until a final judgment is rendered to appeal the decision on personal jurisdiction.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A patient domiciled in State A sued a surgeon domiciled in State B in a federal court in State A, alleging claims for malpractice. The surgeon moved to dismiss the action for lack of personal jurisdiction. The court denied the motion and set discovery cutoff and trial dates. The surgeon has appealed the denial of the motion. Should the appellate court hear the merits of the surgeon's appeal?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the district court's decision on jurisdiction is final.","No, because the trial dates have already been set.","Yes, because the federal court in State A may have been biased.","Yes, because the surgeon's livelihood is at risk.","No, because the patient's right to sue is protected by the constitution.","No, because the appellate court lacks jurisdiction over the appeal.","No, because the surgeon should have filed a motion in State B.","Yes, because a contrary appellate decision could terminate the action.","Yes, because the surgeon has the right to appeal any court decision.","Yes, because the surgeon's personal- jurisdiction challenge raises a constitutional question."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1530,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on federal jurisdiction for help. Federal courts have subject-matter jurisdiction over cases involving federal questions, such as federal trademark infringement, regardless of the amount in controversy. The entrepreneur's motion to dismiss for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction is not valid because the case involves a federal question.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An entrepreneur from State A decided to sell hot sauce to the public, labeling it Ã’Best Hot Sauce.Ã“ A company incorporated in State B and headquartered in State C sued the entrepreneur in federal court in State C. The complaint sought $50,000 in damages and alleged that the entrepreneur's use of the name Ã’Best Hot SauceÃ“ infringed the company's federal trademark. The entrepreneur filed an answer denying the allegations, and the parties began discovery. Six months later, the entrepreneur moved to dismiss for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction. Should the court grant the entrepreneur's motion?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because although there is diversity, the amount in controversy is not satisfied.","No, because the entrepreneur waived the right to chal-lenge subject-matter jurisdiction by not raising the issue initially by motion or in the answer.","No, because the company's headquarters are in the same state as the court.","Yes, because the complaint is about a product, not a legal matter.","No, because the entrepreneur's product is being sold to the public.","No, because the entrepreneur has been participating in the case for six months.","Yes, because the entrepreneur is not from the same state as the company.","Yes, because the entrepreneur is not a resident of the state where the court is located.","No, because the company's claim arises under federal law.","Yes, because although the claim arises under federal law, the amount in controversy is not satisfied."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1531,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An option contract is a promise which meets the requirements for the formation of a contract and limits the promisor's power to revoke an offer. In this case, the woman spent $10,000 remodeling the kitchen with the owner's approval, which indicates reliance on the offer to her detriment. This reliance can make the option irrevocable under the doctrine of promissory estoppel.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A woman leased a condo from the owner for a period of one year. After six months, the owner gave the woman a written option to purchase the condo for $100,000 before the expiration of the lease. With the owner's approval, the woman spent $10,000 to have the kitchen remodeled to her personal specifications. One month before the end of the lease, the owner notified the woman that he was revoking the option to purchase the condo. One week later, the woman delivered a written notice of acceptance of the option, but the owner refused to sell. If the woman initiates suit for breach of contract, which of the following is her strongest argument that an enforceable contract was formed between her and the owner?","score":1,"choices":["After the woman paid to have the kitchen remodeled, an option contract resulted, because the owner knew the woman was relying on the offer to her detriment.","Because the woman had indicated her intention to stay by remodeling the kitchen, the owner cannot revoke the option to purchase.","Because the owner was a merchant, the written offer was irrevocable for a period not exceeding three months.","Because the owner's offer invited a return promise as acceptance, the woman manifested her intent to accept by remodeling the kitchen.","Because the woman had started using the condo as her own by remodeling it, this signified her acceptance of the purchase option.","Because the woman had lived in the condo for more than half the lease period, she has the right to purchase the property.","Because the woman had until the expiration of the lease to accept the offer, the owner's revocation would be ineffective.","Because the owner had given written option to purchase the condo, the owner cannot revoke it unilaterally.","Because the woman had spent a significant amount on remodeling the kitchen, she had vested interest in the property thus forming an enforceable contract.","Because the woman had received written approval from the owner for remodeling, this constituted as acceptance of the purchase option."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1532,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Trespass to land requires an intentional act that causes a physical invasion of someone's property. In this case, the boy did not intentionally cause the golf ball to traverse onto the homeowner's property; it was a deflection off a tree. Negligence would require a breach of duty and foreseeability of harm, but the boy hit the ball down the fairway, which is expected behavior in golf. The most accurate statement regarding trespass liability focuses on intentionality.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"While relaxing at poolside one Sunday afternoon, a homeowner was struck by a golf ball driven by a 14-year-old boy who was playing the ninth hole at the local golf course. The fairway for the ninth hole was 65 feet wide and 437 yards long, with a dogleg in an easterly direction. Between the fairway and the homeowner's property was a \"rough,\" containing brush and low-lying trees. The boy had hit a towering shot down the middle of the fairway that deflected off a tree and struck the homeowner in the head. The homeowner brought suit against the boy for his injuries suffered when he was hit by the golf ball. At trial, the boy offered uncontested evidence that golf balls from the golf course regularly traversed onto the homeowner's property two to three times a day. Which of the following statements is most accurate regarding the boy's liability for trespass?","score":1,"choices":["The boy is not liable, because he did not intentionally cause the golf ball to traverse onto theplaintiff's property.","Because the golf ball did not substantiallyinterfere with the plaintiff's use and enjoymentof his land, the boy would not be held liable.","The boy is not liable because the golf course should have better protective measures to prevent golf balls from entering neighboring properties.","The boy would be liable only if he was aware that his golf balls regularly traversed onto the homeowner's property.","The boy is liable because the frequency of golf balls entering the homeowner's property suggests a lack of care in his play.","The boy would be liable for the unpermittedintrusion of the golf ball onto the plaintiff'sproperty.","The boy is liable because he was negligent in hitting the golf ball in the direction of the homeowner's property."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1533,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the situation step by step. The jurisdiction's recording act states that \"No unrecorded conveyance or mortgage of real property shall be good against subsequent purchasers for value without notice, who shall first record.\" This means that to have priority, a subsequent purchaser must (1) be a purchaser for value, (2) be without notice of the prior unrecorded conveyance, and (3) record first.\n\nIn this case:\n1. The cousin received the land as a gift and did not record her deed or take possession.\n2. The friend also received the land as a gift and did not record his deed but took possession.\n3. Neither party paid value for the land, so neither is a \"purchaser for value.\"\n4. The friend was unaware of the cousin's deed when he received his deed.\n\nGiven these facts:\n- The recording act protects purchasers for value who record first. Since neither the cousin nor the friend paid value for their deeds, they are both donees.\n- Among donees, priority typically goes to the one who first records unless there is an exception based on possession.\n\nThe cousin recorded her deed before the friend did. Therefore, under the recording act and given that neither party is a purchaser for value, priority should go to the cousin because she recorded first.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A man conveyed land by quitclaim deed as a gift to his cousin, who did not then record the deed or take possession of the land. Six months later, when the man was still in possession, he conveyed the land by quitclaim deed as a gift to a friend, who knew nothing of the deed to the cousin. The friend did not record his deed. The man then vacated the land, and the friend took possession. The recording act of the jurisdiction provides as follows: \"No unrecorded conveyance or mortgage of real property shall be good against subsequent purchasers for value without notice, who shall first record.\" Recently, the cousin learned about the friend's deed and possession, immediately recorded her deed, and sued the friend for possession and to quiet title. The friend then recorded his deed and raised all available defenses. For whom is the court likely to decide?","score":1,"choices":["For the friend, because the cousin did not take possession of the land.","For the friend, because the cousin did not record her deed in time.","For the cousin, because she has the original deed.","For the friend, because a subsequent good- faith donee has priority over a prior donee who fails to record.","For the cousin, because the friend failed to first record.","For the cousin, because the friend did not pay for the land.","For the cousin, because the man had already given the land away before giving it to the friend.","For the friend, because he was first in possession.","For the friend, because he was not aware of the previous deed.","For the cousin, because she was first in time and the friend was not a purchaser."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1534,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The legal standard for a stop and frisk is \"reasonable suspicion,\" which is a lower threshold than \"probable cause.\" In this scenario, the police officers had several factors contributing to reasonable suspicion: the man's presence in a high-crime area, his matching the description given by the 911 caller, his sudden change in behavior upon seeing the police (jaywalking and walking faster), and the bulge in his pocket that could indicate a weapon. These factors collectively provide reasonable suspicion for both stopping and frisking the man.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man wearing a jacket and jeans walked along a city street at night in a high crime area known for drug trafficking and gun violence. He saw two police officers walking toward him. The officers were checking on a 911 call from a resident who observed a man in jeans and a jacket apparently selling drugs to people on the street. When the police first saw him, he was walking alone, in the area that the woman identified. As they approached, he suddenly crossed the street by jaywalking. They followed, and approaching from behind, asked him to stop. He started walking faster, away from them. The officers saw what appeared to be a heavy object bulging in his pocket as he moved. The officers, with over 10 years of foot patrol experience, stepped up and stopped him. They patted him down and found a concealed, unlicensed handgun in the jacket pocket. They then made a full search and found 50 packets of heroin. He filed a motion to suppress the gun and drug evidence. Will the court likely suppress the evidence?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the accumulation of factors all added up to reasonable suspicion for a stop and articulable suspicion for a frisk.","No, because the man's suspicious behavior and the bulge in his pocket gave the police probable cause to search him.","Yes, because the police lacked reasonable suspicion to stop the man simply because he crossed the street and walked faster away from them.","Yes, because the police didn't have a warrant to search the man.","Yes, because the heavy object in the man's pocket could have been anything and didn't necessarily indicate criminal activity.","No, because the police had probable cause to make an arrest when the man began to walk away from them and walk even faster as they followed him.","No, because the police had witnessed a crime, jaywalking, which gave them the authority to stop the man.","Yes, because they didn't know if this was the same man, they observed nothing illegal except jaywalking, and he had a right to avoid them under the circumstances.","Yes, because the police had no evidence that the man was the same one the resident had reported.","No, because the man matched the description of the suspected drug dealer and was in a high crime area."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1535,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supreme Court case Georgia v. Randolph (2006) established that when two co-occupants are present and one consents to a search while the other refuses, the refusal prevails, and the search is invalid without a warrant. In this scenario, the husband explicitly refused consent while being present.\nAnswer: D","question":"The police were called to a domestic dispute. The wife told police that her husband was abusive and that he was a heavy cocaine user. The husband was present and denied the allegation. Police asked for permission to search the premises for drugs, which was consented to by the wife. The husband, however, refused to consent to the search. The police went ahead anyway and found drugs in the husband's belongings. After being arrested on drug charges, the husband filed a motion for suppression of the evidence based on lack of consent. What should be the likely decision of the trial court?","score":1,"choices":["The search was valid because the husband's denial of the allegations was not credible.","The search was invalid because the wife was not authorized to give consent to search her husband's personal belongings.","The search was invalid because the police did not have a search warrant, which is required regardless of consent.","The search was invalid and the evidence must be suppressed because the co-occupant of the premises was present and specifically refused to give consent to the search.","The search was valid because the cases say that one occupant's consent to the search overrules the other occupant's refusal to consent.","The search was valid because the wife's statement established probable cause that a crime was being committed Â€Â“ this created exigent circumstances for the search.","The search was valid because the wife's consent was sufficient to search the common areas of the home.","The search was invalid because the consent to search was not voluntary, as it was given out of fear of domestic violence.","The search was valid because the drugs were in plain view when the police entered the premises.","The search was invalid because, even though consent was given, the police must first attempt to get a search warrant to enter a home."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1536,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. Under common law, tenants are generally required to continue paying rent even if the property becomes uninhabitable due to events like fire, unless there is a specific provision in the lease stating otherwise. However, many jurisdictions have moved away from this strict common law rule and have adopted more tenant-friendly statutes or interpretations that relieve tenants of their obligation to pay rent if the property becomes uninhabitable through no fault of their own. If the decision is in favor of the two tenants, it will most likely be because the jurisdiction has rejected the common law view on the tenant's duty to pay rent when the premises become uninhabitable.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A landlord was the owner of a large, high-rise apartment building in a Midwestern city. On June 1, 2007, two tenants took possession of a three- bedroom apartment in the landlord's building under a three-year lease at a rental of $1,200 per month. Their lease (as all other leases given by the landlord) contained the following provisions:\"The term of this lease shall be three years from the date hereof as long as all the agreements herein shall be faithfully performed. \"The two tenants lived in the apartment for two years. On June 10, 2009, however, a fire destroyed the apartment building. As a result, all the apartments in the building were rendered uninhabitable. After the two tenants were dispossessed from their apartment, the landlord brought suit against them to recover the rent due for the balance of the lease. The two tenants claim that they are no longer liable for rent or any other obligations under the lease. The landlord Â€Â” tenants leasehold contract contained no provision regarding liability for fire. If the decision is in favor of the two tenants, it will most likely be because","score":1,"choices":["the two tenants did not cause the fire.","the two tenants had already paid rent for two years.","the two tenants were unable to live in the apartment due to the fire.","the landlord did not contract to convey the property to the two tenants.","the landlord failed to maintain the property resulting in the fire.","the jurisdiction has rejected the common law view on the tenant's duty to pay rent.","the lease was not fully completed due to the fire.","there was nothing in the lease regarding liability for fire.","the landlord did not provide fire insurance for the building.","the two tenants did not own an interest in the property."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1537,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled in cases like Robinson v. California (1962) that it is unconstitutional to punish a person for a status or condition, such as being addicted to drugs. This principle can be extended to alcoholism, where punishing someone for the status of being an alcoholic would be unconstitutional. However, the man was convicted for his actions (public intoxication), not merely for being an alcoholic.\n\nThe key issue here is whether the compulsion due to his disease negates criminal intent. In Powell v. Texas (1968), the Supreme Court held that chronic alcoholism does not excuse public drunkenness, as the law targets the act of being drunk in public, not the status of being an alcoholic.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man was arrested under a criminal statute that prohibited public intoxication. A magistrate fined him $100 and sentenced him to a weekend in jail. On appeal, he had a de novo trial before a county trial court. He presented medical testimony diagnosing the disease of alcoholism, which was marked by a nearly uncontrollable urge to drink. The defense claimed that a person could not be convicted for suffering from a disease process. The state simply argued that the man had no defense to what he did. The U.S. Supreme Court accepted the man's appeal after his conviction. Will the Court likely reverse the conviction?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the man's medical condition does not excuse him from obeying the law.","No, because the man's disease does not justify his public intoxication.","Yes, because when a person acts under a compulsion that is part of a medical disease, this negates criminal intent.","Yes, because the law is discriminatory against people with alcoholism.","No, because the man was sane and knew the difference between right and wrong when he was sober.","No, because the man's disease does not exempt him from societal rules and regulations.","No, because he was convicted not for being a chronic alcoholic but for the actions of being in public while drunk.","Yes, because the man was not given a fair trial at the county court.","Yes, because it is unconstitutional to punish someone for the status of being an alcoholic or a drug addict.","Yes, because the man's illness should be treated medically, not criminally."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1538,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld differential tuition rates for in-state and out-of-state students at public universities, recognizing the state's legitimate interest in encouraging residency and ensuring that those who benefit from state resources contribute to them. The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment does not require strict scrutiny for such economic regulations, as they do not involve a fundamental right or a suspect classification.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"The board of a state university has adopted the following rule concerning residency requirements:\"A student will be considered a legal resident of the state for the purpose of registering at the university if such person is over the age of 21 and has established a legal residence in the state for at least one year next preceding the last day of registration for credit. \"A student moved to the state and immediately enrolled at the state university. Since he did not fulfill the university residency requirement, the student was required to pay $1,800 tuition each semester, which was $400 more than the tuition of state resident-students. In an action by the student challenging the constitutionality of the provision governing the determination of residency for the purpose of fixing a fee differential for out-of-state students in public college, the court will most likely declare the provision","score":0,"choices":["unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","constitutional, because the fee differential promotes a compelling state interest.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the privileges and immunities clause of Article IV, Section 2.","constitutional, because it is within the university's rights to set tuition fees.","constitutional, because the provision does not trigger strict scrutiny.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","unconstitutional, because it discriminates against out-of-state students.","unconstitutional, because it infringes upon the student's right to education.","constitutional, because it serves a legitimate state interest in encouraging state residency."],"correct":"E","answer":"I"}
{"number":1539,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal procedure for help. In many jurisdictions, defendants in serious criminal cases, such as first-degree murder, have the right to know the identities of prospective jurors to ensure a fair trial and to prepare for jury selection. This is typically provided upon request without needing to show good cause or pay a fee.\nAnswer: H","question":"A defendant charged with first-degree murder shall be furnished with a list containing names and addresses of all prospective jurors","score":1,"choices":["only if the prosecutor agrees.","immediately after being charged.","upon request and showing of good cause.","upon court order.","under no circumstances.","only if the jurors give consent.","at the discretion of the judge.","upon request.","upon payment of a fee.","only if the defendant can prove it's necessary for their defense."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1540,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The son's confession is hearsay if used against the father, and it does not fall within any recognized exception to the hearsay rule. Additionally, under the Sixth Amendment's Confrontation Clause, a defendant has the right to confront witnesses against them. Introducing the son's confession implicating the father without the opportunity for cross-examination would violate this right. Therefore, the confession should not be admitted against either the son or the father.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A father and a son were indicted and charged with bank robbery. They allegedly participated together in robbing a bank in their hometown. After the son was arrested and given Miranda warnings, he confessed and admitted that he and his father took part in the bank robbery. The prosecution decided to charge the father and son in the same indictment and prosecute them together in a single trial. At trial, the son took the stand and recanted his earlier confession by denying participation in the robbery. The prosecution now seeks to introduce into evidence the son's earlier confession that was videotaped by the police. The son and the father both object to its admissibility. The confession should be","score":0,"choices":["admitted against the father only, because the son recanted his confession.","not admitted against the son, but admitted against the father as it implicates him in the crime.","admitted against both the son and the father, because the son implicated the father in the crime.","not admitted against the son or the father, because the son was under duress when he confessed.","admitted against the son only, because it is his confession.","admitted against both the son and the father, because they were jointly charged.","not admitted against the son or the father, because the confession is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","not admitted against the son or the father, because the son recanted the confession.","admitted against both the son and the father, because they were engaged in a conspiracy.","admitted against the son only."],"correct":"I","answer":"G"}
{"number":1541,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the U.S. Supreme Court for help. According to Article III, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution, the Supreme Court has original jurisdiction in cases involving states as parties and public ministers and consuls. However, Congress has given lower federal courts concurrent jurisdiction with the Supreme Court in most cases except those involving disputes between states.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The Supreme Court has original jurisdiction in certain areas. Congress has given lower federal courts concurrent jurisdiction with the Supreme Court in all cases except for disputes involving:","score":1,"choices":["maritime issues","private citizens","international disputes","federal laws","different states","constitutional matters","a state as a party","federal officials","public ministers and consuls"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1542,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The manâ€™s actions directly caused the accident, making him potentially liable for involuntary manslaughter due to reckless behavior. The woman did not cause the accident but failed to report it or seek help. However, her failure to act does not typically rise to the level of manslaughter unless there is a specific legal duty to act. Therefore, she may be guilty of failing to report an accident or providing assistance, but not manslaughter.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man and a woman were driving eastbound along a steep two-lane winding highway. The woman was driving in front of the man. As the man approached the rear of the woman's car, he became impatient and tried to pass her along a section of the highway designated as a no-passing zone. When the man swerved his car into the westbound lane to pass the woman, he didn't see another driver, who was rounding a curve in the westbound lane. In order to avoid a head-on collision with the man, the other driver swerved his car to the shoulder of the roadway. The other driver, however, was unable to control his car along the narrow strip of the shoulder, and it fell down the steep mountain. The man and the woman both saw the other driver's car slide down the hillside. They immediately stopped their vehicles and walked over to the edge of the roadway looking for the car. They saw the other driver's car overturned in a gully about 200 feet down the mountain. The man and the woman heard the other driver moaning and calling for help. However, the man and the woman failed to provide any assistance. They walked back to their cars and drove off. Although the man and the woman passed through a business area a short while later, they neither reported the accident nor sought aid for the other driver. Hours later, the other driver died from injuries suffered in the accident. If the man and the woman are subsequently prosecuted for the other driver's death, the most likely outcome would be that","score":0,"choices":["the man is guilty of involuntary manslaughter, and the woman is guilty of failing to report an accident.","the man is guilty of manslaughter only.","the man is guilty of vehicular homicide, and the woman is not guilty.","the man and the woman are both guilty of manslaughter.","the woman is guilty of manslaughter only.","the woman is guilty of accessory to manslaughter.","the man is guilty of involuntary manslaughter, and the woman is guilty of accessory after the fact.","the man is guilty of reckless driving causing death, and the woman is not guilty.","neither the man nor the woman is guilty of manslaughter."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1543,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In the United States legal system, inconsistent verdicts (where a jury finds a defendant guilty of one charge but not guilty of another related charge) do not automatically invalidate the guilty verdict. The Supreme Court has held that inconsistent verdicts are permissible and do not necessarily constitute reversible error. Therefore, the motion to set aside the guilty verdict on the felony murder charge will most likely be denied because the verdicts do not amount to a reversible error.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"One evening, a defendant set fire to a homeowner's occupied house. As a result of the blaze, the homeowner's daughter was killed. The defendant was charged with felony murder on the first count and arson on the second count of the two-count indictment. The jury found the defendant guilty on the first count, but returned a not guilty verdict on the second. The defendant's attorney's motion to set aside the guilty verdict on the felony murder charge will most likely be","score":0,"choices":["granted, because the defendant's right to a fair trial was violated by the inconsistent verdicts.","denied, because the jury's decision is final and cannot be overturned.","denied, because the defendant's proper remedy is to seek an appellate review for a non-constitutional error.","denied, because the verdicts do not amount to a reversible error.","granted, because the guilty verdict is plain error that adversely affects the defendant's constitutional rights.","granted, because the verdicts contradict each other, raising reasonable doubt.","granted, because the verdicts are legally inconsistent and should lead to an acquittal of both charges.","denied, because the jury found sufficient evidence to convict on the first count, regardless of the second count outcome.","granted, because the defendant was not directly responsible for the death."],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1544,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In order to bring a suit in federal court, plaintiffs must have standing, which generally requires that they have suffered a concrete and particularized injury that is actual or imminent. Taxpayers generally do not have standing to challenge government expenditures simply because they are taxpayers, unless the expenditure violates a specific constitutional limitation such as the Establishment Clause. However, the Supreme Court has allowed taxpayer standing in cases where the claim is that the government is violating the Establishment Clause by using taxpayer funds to support religion.\n\nGiven that the plaintiffs are atheists and are challenging state subsidies to church-affiliated institutions, their strongest argument would likely be based on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. However, whether they have standing depends on whether they can show a direct injury or violation of a specific constitutional limitation.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state enacted a statute that authorized the payment of state funds to any private institution of higher learning within the state that meets certain minimum criteria and refrains from awarding only seminarian or theological degrees. The aid is in the form of annual subsidies to qualified institutions. The grants are non-categorical but may not, under an added provision, be utilized by the institutions for sectarian purposes. A state agency determines the eligibility of applicant institutions. Eight state taxpayers, all avowed atheists, bring suit in federal court to enjoin the payments of subsidies under the statute to all church-affiliated institutions in the state. The federal district court will most likely","score":0,"choices":["uphold the validity of the statute as a valid exercise of the state's power to subsidize education.","dismiss the action for lack of standing.","invalidate the statute on the grounds of separation of church and state.","invalidate the statute as a valid exercise of the state's power to subsidize education.","uphold the validity of the statute but prohibit the subsidies to church-affiliated institutions.","invalidate the statute as violative of the establishment clause.","dismiss the action because the plaintiffs are not directly affected by the statute.","uphold the validity of the statute as violative of the establishment clause.","uphold the validity of the statute as nonviolative of the establishment clause.","dismiss the action on the basis that the statute does not promote a specific religion."],"correct":"I","answer":"B"}
{"number":1545,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The manufacture and storage of nitroglycerin is considered an abnormally dangerous activity, which typically subjects the party to strict liability regardless of the level of care exercised. This means that even if the laboratory used extraordinary care, it would still be liable for damages caused by the explosion. Therefore, the best defense would be one that addresses causation or foreseeability.\n\nThe best possible defense would be to argue that the harm suffered by the artist was not foreseeable or was due to an abnormal fragility of the artist's work, which would not typically result from such an explosion. This could potentially mitigate liability.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A laboratory manufactures nitroglycerin (a heavy, oily, explosive, poisonous liquid used chiefly in making dynamite) at its main plant. An artist who specialized in making delicate glass sculptures had a studio two blocks away from the laboratory's plant. Late one evening, there was an explosion at the laboratory's plant. The force of the explosion caused the artist's studio to be shaken, which resulted in the destruction of valuable artwork in the studio. The artist now asserts a tort action against the laboratory to recover damages. Which of the following, if established, would furnish the laboratory with its best possible defense?","score":1,"choices":["The laboratory had previously survived similar incidents without any damage to surrounding properties.","The laboratory used extraordinary care in the manufacture and storage of nitroglycerin and was not guilty of any negligence that was causally connected with the explosion.","The artist did not have appropriate safety measures in place to protect their artwork.","The laboratory had all necessary permits and licenses to manufacture nitroglycerin.","The harm that the artist suffered would not have resulted but for the abnormal fragility of the artist's work.","The artist had previously accepted compensation for potential risks due to their proximity to the laboratory.","The artist had been warned about potential risks due to their proximity to the laboratory.","The laboratory was not aware of the artist's studio being in close proximity to their plant.","The laboratory has a contract with the federal government whereby all the nitroglycerin manufactured at its plant is used in U. S. military weapons systems."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1546,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. In a defamation case, the truth of the allegedly defamatory statement is a defense. The newspaper's defense would likely be that the statements made were true. The testimony about the plaintiff giving beer to players is directly relevant to whether the plaintiff was a bad role model and morally unfit, as it directly addresses the truth of the defamatory statements. Therefore, this testimony would be admissible as substantive evidence.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A plaintiff was the varsity basketball coach of the boys' team at a high school. After the second game of the season, the plaintiff was suddenly dismissed as the coach for undisclosed reasons. After the dismissal was made public, the local newspaper ran an article discussing the plaintiff's tenure as coach. The article, which was written by the sports editor, stated that \"The plaintiff was a bad role model and morally unfit for the coaching job. \"The plaintiff brought suit against the newspaper for defamation. At trial, the plaintiff called a player on the basketball team to testify that \"the plaintiff was a good role model and respected by the players. \" In presenting its evidence, the newspaper called a witness to testify. He proposes to testify that he saw the plaintiff give beer to players on three occasions after victories. Upon objection by the plaintiff's attorney, witness's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, as it provides a motive for the plaintiff's dismissal.","inadmissible to prove character, but admissible for the purpose of showing intent or common scheme.","admissible, as substantive evidence.","admissible, for impeachment purposes only.","inadmissible, as it is not relevant to the case.","admissible, as it directly contradicts the plaintiff's own testimony.","inadmissible, as it is prejudicial to the plaintiff.","admissible, as character evidence in a defamation suit.","inadmissible, as it constitutes hearsay."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1547,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The motion to suppress evidence typically focuses on whether the search was lawful. The key issues would be whether the neighbor had authority to consent, whether the police coerced consent, and whether a warrant was required. The ownership of the gun and the defendant's alibi are not directly relevant to the legality of the search itself.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant suspected her long-term boyfriend was cheating on her. On a hunch, she went to her boyfriend's apartment one afternoon and, using her key, she entered the apartment. Once inside, she found her boyfriend and his new girlfriend in bed together. In a rage, the defendant retrieved the gun from the nightstand and killed her boyfriend and his new girlfriend. After the shooting, the defendant left on a two-day trip to the mountains to get the week's events off her mind. She called her teenage neighbor to take care of her apartment while she was gone and to look after her 4-year-old daughter. That night, after the defendant left, the police came to the apartment. They asked the neighbor if they could search the apartment, and the neighbor gave them permission. The police found in the defendant's bedroom the gun used to kill her boyfriend. At a motion to suppress the gun prior to trial, which of the following facts would the defendant's attorney be LEAST likely to attempt to prove?","score":0,"choices":["The neighbor did not have the authority to give permission to search the apartment.","The police did not read the neighbor her rights before asking for consent to search.","The defendant's daughter was not present at the time of the search.","The defendant did not own the gun used to kill her boyfriend.","The police told the neighbor she would be taken to the police station if she refused permission to search.","The gun was not visible without a thorough search of the defendant's bedroom.","The defendant gave her neighbor the keys to her apartment.","The defendant told her neighbor not to answer the door to anyone.","The defendant had an alibi for the time of the murder.","The police did not have a search warrant."],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1548,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In defamation cases, truth is a complete defense. The newspaper's defense hinges on proving the truth of its statement. However, evidence of specific past acts (like a larceny) to prove character is generally inadmissible under the rules of evidence, specifically Rule 404(b) of the Federal Rules of Evidence, which prohibits using evidence of a person's character to prove that they acted in accordance with that character on a particular occasion. Therefore, the witness's testimony about the candidate's past larceny should be excluded as improper character evidence.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Two weeks before an election, a local newspaper published an article implying that one of the mayoral candidates was a thief. The candidate subsequently lost the election and sued the newspaper for defamation. The newspaper defended on the grounds of truth. At trial, the candidate took the stand and testified that he was not a thief. Thereafter, the newspaper called a witness to testify that three years ago the candidate committed a larceny while employed at his former job. Upon objection by the candidate's attorney, the witness's testimony should be","score":0,"choices":["excluded, as it can potentially bias the jury.","excluded, because it is hearsay evidence.","admitted, as it supports the newspaper's defense of truth.","excluded, because it is improper character evidence.","admitted as relevant evidence of the candidate's character as a thief.","excluded, because the act was committed too long ago to be relevant.","admitted as probative evidence of the candidate's character for veracity.","admitted, as it is relevant to the candidate's credibility.","admitted, but only if the witness can provide conclusive proof of the larceny.","excluded, because bad acts may not be proved by extrinsic evidence."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1549,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A condition precedent is an event that must occur before a party is obligated to perform a contractual duty. In this case, the oral agreement that the contract would be null and void unless the homeowner obtained a $3,000 loan from National Bank before April 1 is a condition precedent. Since the homeowner was unable to secure the loan, the condition precedent was not met, and therefore, the contract did not become effective.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"On March 1, a homeowner and a painter entered into a written contract wherein the painter promised to paint the exterior of the homeowner's house for $3,000. Prior to the signing of the contract, the homeowner and the painter orally agreed that their contract would be null and void unless the homeowner was able to obtain a $3,000 loan from National Bank before April 1. On March 31, the homeowner was informed by National Bank that his loan application had been rejected. The next day, the homeowner telephoned the painter and informed him that the deal was off. If the painter brings an action for breach of contract against the homeowner, would the latter's inability to secure the loan provide him with a valid defense?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the homeowner is estopped to deny the validity of the written contract.","Yes, because the homeowner was not able to meet the financial obligations of the contract.","No, because the painter can claim damages for the breach of contract.","No, because the homeowner did not make efforts to secure a loan from another bank.","No, because the agreement regarding the loan varied the express terms of the writing.","Yes, because the loan agreement was a condition precedent to the existence of the contract.","No, because the oral agreement about the loan does not hold legal validity.","Yes, because the painter was informed about the condition of the loan before the contract was signed.","Yes, because the agreement regarding the loan constituted a valid modification of the writing."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1550,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In federal court, when a case involves federal statutes, federal privilege law generally applies. The Federal Rules of Evidence govern the admissibility of evidence in federal courts, including issues of privilege. Therefore, the issues raised by the objections of the city attorney should be resolved under federal privilege law.\nAnswer: G","question":"A national association brought suit in federal court against a city. The suit charged the city with violating several federal statutes. During the trial, the association's attorney called the city attorney as an adverse witness. The city attorney asserted the attorney-client privilege and objected that the matters communicated to him were intended to be confidential. The issues raised by the objections of the city attorney should be resolved under","score":1,"choices":["the privilege law of the state where the national association is located.","the privilege law of the state where the city is located.","either federal privilege law or the privilege law of the forum state as determined by the court.","cityâ€™s privilege law.","either federal privilege law or the privilege law of the city as determined by the court.","either federal privilege law or the privilege law of the forum state, whichever the court determines is more likely to admit the evidence.","federal privilege law.","federal privilege law or international privilege law, as determined by the court.","the privilege law of the forum state.","international privilege law."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1551,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, liability often hinges on the concept of foreseeability and proximate cause. The key issue here is whether the operator's decision to fly into the smoke was a foreseeable event or an unforeseeable, superseding cause that breaks the chain of causation.\n\nGiven that the operator's reckless decision to descend into the smoke was an independent, unforeseeable act that directly led to the collision and deaths, it would likely be considered a superseding cause. This means that even though the father and son were negligent in failing to properly extinguish the campfire, their actions would not be deemed the proximate cause of the pilot's death.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A family had been traveling cross-country on a camping trip when they decided to pull into Yellowstone National Park. During their stay at Yellowstone, the family camped out in a secluded area of the campgrounds surrounded by tall pine trees. Numerous signs had been posted throughout the campgrounds warning campers of the extremely dry conditions prevailing in the forest area due to a summerlong drought. On the morning of their departure, the family cooked breakfast over an open campfire. After breakfast, the family began to pack their gear into the van when the father instructed his 12-year-old son to put out the campfire. The son fetched two pails of water from a nearby pond and tossed the water over the campfire. Believing that he had extinguished the fire, the son joined his family in the van, and they drove away. Unbeknownst to the son and his family, the campfire was still smoldering when they left. Shortly thereafter, a wind gust blew the flames from the fire to some nearby brush. Due to the extremely dry conditions, the brush quickly ignited, starting a raging forest fire. The forest rangers dispatched a firefighting team, which included two helicopters equipped to fight the fire. While these helicopters were fighting the blaze from above, the smoke Â€Â¢ surrounding one of the helicopters became so intense that the pilot lost all visibility. At the same time, an operator of a small private plane saw the blaze and recklessly descended into the smoke. In the pilot's attempt to veer out of the intense smoke, his helicopter collided with the operator's low- flying plane, causing the aircrafts to crash. Both the pilot and the operator were killed in the resulting explosion. In a wrongful death action brought by the pilot's estate against the son and the father, the judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the father and the son, because the forest rangers should have had better visibility controls in place during the firefighting efforts.","the father and the son, because the operator's decision to fly into the smoke was an unforeseeable event that breaks the chain of causation.","the pilot's estate, because the son was following his father's instructions and therefore the father is solely responsible.","the father and the son, because the pilot should have been better trained to handle low-visibility situations.","the pilot's estate, because the father is vicariously liable for the tortious conduct of his child.","the pilot's estate, because the father and son were directly responsible for the forest fire that led to the crash.","the father and the son, because the son was only 12 years old and, therefore, cannot be deemed to have acted negligently.","the pilot's estate, because the father and son failed to heed the warnings about the dry conditions.","the father and the son, because the operator's reckless operation of his aircraft would be viewed as a superseding cause terminating the defendant's liability.","the pilot's estate, because the son was negligent in failing to properly extinguish the campfire."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1552,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel during critical stages of criminal proceedings after formal charges have been filed. According to U.S. Supreme Court precedents, a lineup after formal charges have been filed is considered a critical stage where the right to counsel applies. However, an initial appearance before a magistrate judge, where the defendant is informed of the charges and bail is set, is not necessarily considered a critical stage requiring counsel.\n\nIn this case, the defendant was already indicted and arrested for bank robbery, meaning formal charges were in place. Therefore, the lineup identification without counsel violated his Sixth Amendment right.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A defendant was indicted and arrested for bank robbery. The defendant had an initial appearance before a magistrate judge in which he was notified of the charges and told that counsel would be appointed for him the next day. The police then required the defendant to participate with other prisoners in a lineup in which each person had to wear a white T-shirt and say, \"Put your hands in the air.\" At the lineup, witnesses to the bank robbery identified the defendant as the bank robber. The next day, the defendant was arraigned on the charges. The defendant argues that his Sixth Amendment right to counsel was violated when he was denied counsel at two critical stages of the proceeding: his initial appearance in court before the magistrate initial appearance in court before the magistrate judge and the lineup identification. Was the defendant's Sixth Amendment right to counsel violated?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the defendant was not yet formally charged.","No.","Yes, based on the denial of counsel at both stages of the proceeding.","Yes, but only if the defendant specifically requested counsel at both stages.","No, because the Sixth Amendment right to counsel does not apply to initial appearances or lineups.","Yes, but only because the defendant was not provided a lawyer immediately after arrest.","Yes, but only if the defendant could not afford his own lawyer.","Yes, based only on the denial of counsel at the initial appearance.","No, because the defendant was provided counsel before the arraignment.","Yes, based only on the denial of counsel at the lineup."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1553,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statute in question creates a presumption of malice aforethought when a killing is proved, shifting the burden to the defendant to show that malice did not exist. This shifts the burden of proof from the prosecution to the defense, which can violate due process rights under the Fourteenth Amendment. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that mandatory presumptions that shift the burden of proof to the defendant in criminal cases are unconstitutional because they violate due process.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant was on the first day of her new secretarial job when her boss called her into his office. The boss directly suggested that if the defendant did not go out on a date with him, she would be fired in one week. Every day during the remainder of the week, the boss approached the defendant with his demand, and the defendant refused to cooperate. At the end of the week, when the boss called the defendant into his office and again tried to pressure her to go out on a date with him, the defendant knocked him unconscious with a giant stapler and choked him to death. The defendant is tried for murder. In accordance with the following statute, the state relies at trial on the presumption of malice:\"When the act of killing another is proved, malice aforethought shall be presumed, and the burden shall rest upon the party who committed the killing to show that malice did not exist. \"If the defendant is convicted of first-degree murder and challenges her conviction on the grounds of the above statute, on appeal she will","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the presumption may be rebutted.","win, because the statute violates due process.","lose, because the presumption of malice aforethought is constitutional.","win, because she acted in self-defense.","lose, because her actions were premeditated.","win, because the statute is unjust.","lose, because she did not show that malice did not exist.","win, because the statute is discriminatory.","lose, because she failed to overcome the presumption."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1554,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In cases where a special relationship exists, such as between a doctor and an in-patient, there is a duty of care to prevent foreseeable harm to third parties. The hospital had knowledge of the man's intentions and should have taken steps to prevent harm. Therefore, the court is likely to deny the motion to dismiss based on the hospital's duty to prevent foreseeable danger.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man who was emotionally upset due to marital problems voluntarily checked into a private medical facility for treatment. State law provided that if he tried to leave against medical advice, the hospital could hold him for 72 hours while trying to convince him to stay. During the stay, he told his medical providers that he was intensely angry at his wife, who was living with another man, and he wanted to harm her. Despite that knowledge, the hospital issued him an unrestricted weekend pass. When he got out he shot and killed his wife. The man's children sued the hospital for negligence. The hospital filed a motion to dismiss mainly because there was no privity with the decedent and no duty owed to her. Will the court grant the motion to dismiss?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the hospital is strictly liable for releasing patients who it knows or should know represent an unreasonable danger to third persons.","Yes, because the intervening acts of third parties are unforeseeable and cannot give rise to liability.","Yes, because the man voluntarily checked into the hospital, which absolves the hospital of any responsibility for his actions.","No, because the hospital had previous knowledge of the man's intentions and it was their responsibility to prevent any harm.","Yes, because the hospital only had a duty to treat the man's emotional state, not to prevent potential criminal acts.","Yes, because there is no duty to control the conduct of another person to prevent that person from harming others.","No, because the special relationship and the control between doctor and an in-patient mandates due care by the doctor to prevent a foreseeable danger to others.","Yes, because the hospital cannot be held responsible for the actions of a patient once they have left the premises."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1555,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is the balance between privacy rights and freedom of the press, especially when it involves public figures. While public figures have reduced privacy expectations, the illegal means by which the information was obtained complicates matters. However, U.S. Supreme Court precedent (e.g., Bartnicki v. Vopper) suggests that if the publisher did not participate in the illegal act and the information is of public concern, publication may be protected under the First Amendment.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A well-known Washington newspaper columnist was researching the background of a lawyer who had been nominated to become attorney general of the United States and was awaiting confirmation by the U. S. Senate. One of the columnist's eager young apprentices concocted a plan that he hoped would enable him to gain the columnist's favor. Late one evening, without telling anyone, the apprentice broke into the lawyer's private office and copied several letters pertaining to \"dirty tricks\" perpetrated by the lawyer during the most recent presidential campaign. When the apprentice presented the columnist with the fruits of his diligent research, the columnist was quite impressed and immediately printed excerpts from the material. If the lawyer asserts a claim against the columnist for invasion of right to privacy, the plaintiff will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the information was obtained illegally.","prevail, because the publication was not newsworthy.","prevail, because the apprentice's action was an unlawful invasion of private facts.","prevail, because the apprentice acted on behalf of the columnist, making him liable.","not prevail, because the apprentice acted independently and without the knowledge or direction of the columnist.","not prevail, because the columnist was not involved in the burglary and did not conspire with the apprentice with respect to the burglary.","not prevail, because the information was of public interest and its publication served a greater public good.","not prevail, because the lawyer was a public figure and therefore his actions are subject to public scrutiny.","prevail, because the publication of private letters is an infringement on personal rights.","not prevail, because what the columnist printed was true, thus establishing there was no \"false light. \""],"correct":"F","answer":"G"}
{"number":1556,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to a fair trial, which includes the right to confront witnesses against the defendant. This is crucial for the defense, especially when claiming entrapment, as the informant's testimony could be vital in establishing whether entrapment occurred. Therefore, while there are valid concerns about protecting informants, the defendant's constitutional rights take precedence in this context.\nAnswer: F","question":"One evening, an undercover narcotics agent, with the help of a confidential informant, met with a man. The man took the agent to the home of a drug dealer, who sold the agent four pounds of marijuana. At trial, the drug dealer claimed the defense of entrapment and demanded that the informant's identity be disclosed and that he be produced. At no time prior to trial did the drug dealer seek to subpoena the man. However, the man was a fugitive from justice the whole time, and no subpoena could have been served. The government claims a right to protect the informant's identity. Should the government's claim be honored?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the drug dealer has a right to face his accuser.","Yes, because informants would not assist in crime prevention unless they were reasonably certain that their identities would be kept secret.","Yes, because revealing the identity of the informant could jeopardize ongoing investigations.","No, because under the Fifth Amendment, a defendant has the right to be confronted by witnesses against him.","Yes, because an informant has a Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.","No, because the informant's testimony could be crucial for the defense's entrapment claim.","Yes, because the man was a fugitive and the government could not have served a subpoena.","Yes, because the informant's safety could be at risk if his identity is revealed.","No, because under the Sixth Amendment, a defendant has the right to a fair trial.","No, because the government does not have the right to protect an informant's identity."],"correct":"B","answer":"F"}
{"number":1557,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects freedom of speech and assembly, and any regulation that allows government officials to exercise unbridled discretion in approving or disapproving permits can be seen as a violation of these rights. The ordinance gives the chief of police broad discretion to deny permits based on subjective criteria, which could lead to arbitrary or discriminatory enforcement.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A city has adopted the following ordinance which provides:\"Section 1: It shall be unlawful for any person, group, or organization to hold a meeting of 50 persons or more in any city park without first securing a city permit;Section 2: The application shall specify the day and hours for which the permit is sought. The fee shall be $10 per hour, with a maximum fee of $50;Section 3: Permits shall be issued on a first come basis; provided that the chief of police shall deny any application if, after hearing the applicant, it is his considered judgment that (a) the meeting would create serious traffic congestion, or (b) interfere with public enjoyment of the park, or (c) speakers at the meeting would advocate the commission of crime. \"A religious fundamentalist who believes that other religions should be violently resisted, planned to hold a protest demonstration against other religions at a city park on July 25. Although his previous anti-religion protest rallies attracted fewer than 25 demonstrators, he decided to apply for a permit pursuant to the city's ordinance. After meeting with the fundamentalist, the chief of police denied his permit application because he believed that the demonstration would incite the protestors and threaten imminent violence or serious disorder. On July 25, the fundamentalist and his fellow demonstrators staged their protest at a city park. The rally attracted only about 20 protestors and was conducted peacefully. As he was making his final remarks to the gathering, the city police arrived at the park and arrested him and his fellow demonstrators charging them with violating the city ordinance. If the fundamentalist now brings suit to challenge the constitutionality of Section 3 of the city ordinance, his best argument would be that","score":1,"choices":["the section does not fall within the area of compelling state interest.","the section is content based.","the section permits the police chief to exercise unbridled discretion in approving or disapproving permits.","the section imposes undue financial burden on applicants.","the section does not specify a clear process for appeal against permit denial.","the section discriminates against certain religious beliefs.","the section violates the right to peaceful assembly.","the section does not provide specific criteria for denial of permits."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1558,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under the common law of riparian rights, landowners whose property abuts a watercourse have equal rights to the reasonable use of the water. This doctrine does not prioritize based on who used the water first (as opposed to prior appropriation). However, in times of scarcity, domestic uses are generally given priority over agricultural or industrial uses. Therefore, the rancherâ€™s use for domestic purposes would typically be considered superior to the millionaire's use for irrigation.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A rancher is the owner of a ranch that is situated upon the top of a mountain. Located below the ranch is an estate that is owned by a millionaire. A stream is a non-navigable watercourse that originates at the top of the mountain and runs all the way down into a valley. Both the ranch and the estate are within the watershed of the stream. When the millionaire purchased the estate in 1956, he started taking water from the stream and used it to irrigate the southern half of his property, which he has used as a farm. Prior to 1956, the southern half of the estate had been cleared and placed in cultivation, while the northern half remained wooded and virtually unused. The millionaire continued this established pattern of use and has never stopped using the water in this way. In 1986, the rancher built a home on the ranch and started talcing water from the stream for domestic purposes. During that year there was heavy rainfall, and this caused the stream to run down the mountain at a high water level. However, in 1987, a drought caused the stream to flow at a very low level. Consequently, there was only enough water to irrigate the millionaire's farmland or, in the alternative, to supply all of the rancher's domestic water needs and one-quarter of the millionaire's irrigation requirements. The mountain is located in a jurisdiction where the period of prescription is 15 years. The rancher is continuing to take water for his personal needs and there is insufficient water to irrigate the estate. The millionaire then brings an appropriate action in 1996 to declare that his water rights to the stream are superior to those of the rancher. In addition, the millionaire moves to have the full flow of the stream passed to him, notwithstanding the effect it might have on the rancher. If this state follows the common law of riparian rights, but does not follow the doctrine of prior appropriation, judgment should be for whom?","score":1,"choices":["The rancher, because the drought conditions give him priority access to the water.","The millionaire, as he was using the water first for his estate's needs.","The millionaire, because he has a right to the water for irrigation purposes.","Neither, because both have equal rights to the water as it runs through both of their properties.","The millionaire, because he put the water to a beneficial use prior to the rancher's use and has continuously used the water.","The rancher, because the millionaire's use of the water is excessive and unnecessary.","The millionaire, because he obtained an easement by prescription to remove as much water as he may need.","The rancher, because domestic use is superior to and is protected against an agricultural use.","The rancher, because as an upstream landowner, he would have superior rights to the water than a downstream owner.","The millionaire, because he has been using the water for a longer period of time."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1559,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a general partnership, all partners, including silent partners, can bind the partnership by their actions unless there is an agreement to the contrary that is known to third parties. Silent partners are typically not involved in the day-to-day management but still have the authority to act on behalf of the partnership. Therefore, Bill's action of purchasing the toilets binds the partnership.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Pete Smith is the active partner and Bill Jones is the silent partner in a general partnership known as \"Pete Smith Plumbing.\" After six years of being uninvolved in the management of the partnership business, Bill purchases 100 toilets for the business. Pete is incensed because it will probably take years to use up the inventory of so many toilets and seeks your advice. The best advice is","score":1,"choices":["The partnership can only be bound by the actions of the active partner, not the silent partner.","silent partners are investors only and cannot bind the partnership.","Bill can bind the partnership by his act.","Bill's action is invalid because he did not consult with Pete.","The partnership can return the toilets, as Bill did not have the authority to make the purchase.","unless his name is in the partnership name, third persons are \"on notice\" that he is unauthorized to contract for the partnership.","Pete can sue Bill for the unnecessary expenditure.","Bill, as a silent partner, is not authorized to purchase and, therefore, the sale may be set aside.","The third party who sold the toilets to Bill can be held liable for not verifying his authority.","If Bill purchased the toilets using his personal funds, the partnership is not bound by his actions."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1560,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The attorney-client privilege protects confidential communications between a client and their attorney made for the purpose of obtaining legal advice. However, this privilege does not typically extend to pre-existing documents or records that are not themselves privileged simply because they were handed over to an attorney. Financial records, in this case, are not inherently privileged just because they were given to the attorney.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A newly elected mayor was charged with tax fraud. The prosecutor served a trial subpoena directing the mayor's attorney to produce private bank records that the mayor delivered to the attorney. The attorney refused the request. The prosecutor in a hearing then sought to compel compliance with the subpoena. The court should","score":1,"choices":["compel production, because it would not violate the attorney-client privilege.","compel production, because the mayor has waived his rights to attorney-client privilege by delivering the records to his attorney.","not compel production, because it would violate the mayor's privilege against self- incrimination.","not compel production, because it would violate the attorney-client privilege.","compel production, because the attorney-client privilege does not extend to financial records.","not compel production, because the subpoena was not properly served.","not compel production, because the mayor's financial records are not relevant to the case.","compel production, because the mayor's financial records could be crucial evidence in the trial.","not compel production, because it would infringe on the mayor's right to privacy.","compel production, because there is no element of confidentiality."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1561,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key points here are that the man was given his Miranda rights and that he voluntarily confessed. The police officer's testimony about the confession would be considered direct evidence, as the officer has firsthand knowledge of what was said during the confession. The fact that the confession was videotaped does not necessarily make the police officer's testimony inadmissible; it can still be considered admissible evidence.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man was arrested and charged with robbery. Upon being taken into custody, he was given his Miranda rights and then taken to the police station for booking. At the stationhouse, the man told a police officer that he was prepared to make a confession. The police officer then turned on a video recorder and videotaped the man's confession. At trial, the prosecution called the police officer to testify to the incriminating statements that the man made in his confession. Upon objection by the man's attorney, the police officer's proposed testimony is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the police officer's testimony would be considered prejudiced.","admissible, because the man confessed voluntarily.","admissible, because the man was given his Miranda rights before the confession was elicited.","admissible, because the man was aware of his rights when he confessed.","inadmissible, because the man was not given an attorney during the confession.","inadmissible, because the videotape is the best evidence of the man's confession.","admissible, because the confession was videotaped.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible, because the police officer had firsthand knowledge of the confession.","inadmissible, because the man was under duress during the confession."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1562,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, but it does not compel private entities like newspapers to publish content against their will. Newspapers have editorial discretion over what they choose to publish, including advertisements. This principle is supported by the right to control the content that is published in their newspaper.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"The owner of a test prep company sent an advertisement regarding the company's review courses to a local newspaper. In an accompanying letter, the owner instructed the newspaper to publish the ad in an upcoming edition. The ad was received by the newspaper's advertising editor. The next day the editor phoned the owner and told her that he would not permit the newspaper to run the ad. When the owner asked for an explanation, the editor replied, \"My daughter took your review course and scored low on her entrance exams to college and didn't get into the college of her choice. Because of your instructors, she's now working at the mall. That's why I'm prohibiting the newspaper from publishing your ad. \" The editor then forwarded a letter to the owner reiterating his newspaper's refusal to have the ad published. In an appropriate action, the owner brings suit against the editor and the newspaper seeking an order that would require the newspaper to publish the advertisement. In such action, who will prevail?","score":0,"choices":["The editor and newspaper, because there is no constitutional right of advertising under the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","The editor and newspaper, because they have the right to control the content that is published in their newspaper.","The editor and newspaper, because they have the right to refuse any advertisement they deem unsuitable.","The editor and newspaper, because Congress is empowered to prohibit untruthful advertising, even where it urges the purchase of a legal, validly offered item.","The owner, because the editor's personal bias should not affect the newspaper's business decisions.","The owner, because the newspaper's refusal to publish the ad constitutes a breach of contract.","The owner, because the refusal to publish the ad is a form of discrimination.","The owner, because such advertising is protected by the First Amendment under the commercial speech doctrine.","The editor and newspaper, because their decision is based on personal experience with the service.","The owner, because there is a constitutional right of advertising under the First and Fourteenth Amendments."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":1563,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Rape is generally defined as non-consensual sexual intercourse. Consent must be explicit and cannot be assumed based on past interactions. The fact that the woman was asleep and unable to give consent at the time of the act is crucial. Therefore, his belief that she consented in advance is unreasonable and impermissible.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man entered a half-opened window to a neighbor's trailer and waited in the dark bedroom inside. After a while, he got in bed and had sexual relations with the woman while she slept. At trial, he claimed that he believed that the woman had consented because he had dated her many times and had consensual sexual relations with her many times in the past. He hadn't seen her in about one week but assumed her consent. He denied specific intent to rape and claimed a desire to surprise her with a \"romantic\" variation of their usual activities. The woman admitted to prior consensual relations but denied consent on this occasion. Has he stated a viable defense to rape?","score":1,"choices":["No, his belief that she consented in advance was unreasonable and impermissible.","No, because he did not receive explicit consent for this specific encounter.","Yes, because he entered through an unlocked window which could be seen as an invitation.","Yes, because they had a history of consensual relations and this could be seen as a continuation of that.","Yes, rape is a specific intent crime and there's no evidence that he intended a criminal result.","Yes, his belief that she consented was reasonable based on prior experience.","No, rape of an unconscious woman is a strict liability crime that does not permit a defense.","No, because the woman was asleep and unable to give consent.","Yes, because he had no intent to harm or force her into anything she didn't want.","No, because consent cannot be assumed from past experiences."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1564,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When challenging a state statute on due process grounds, the burden of persuasion typically lies with the individual challenging the statute to show that their rights have been violated. The security guard must demonstrate that the denial of a license to work in private security violates his due process rights.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A security guard relocated to a state which required all persons wishing to practice private security to have graduated from a security training program within the state. The security guard, having already graduated from a program in his former state, wishes to work again as a private security guard. He began to advertise his services but was informed by the state that he must cease and desist from working as a private security guard until he complied with state law and graduated from an in-state program. The security guard challenges the constitutionality of the licensing statute on grounds that it violates the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Which of the following statements is most accurate?","score":1,"choices":["The security guard has the burden of persuasion to show that the state law is discriminatory and violates his equal protection rights.","The state has the burden of persuasion to show that the licensing statute is essential for public safety and welfare.","The security guard has the burden of persuasion to show that the denial of a license to work in private security violates his rights of due process.","The security guard has the burden of persuasion to show that the state does not have a compelling state interest in enacting such legislation.","The state has the burden of persuasion to prove that the security guard does not have sufficient skills and training to work as a private security guard in the state.","The state has the burden of persuasion to show that the denial of a license to work in private security does not violate the petitioner's rights of due process.","The state has the burden of persuasion to prove that the licensing statute is not a form of economic protectionism.","The state has the burden of persuasion to show that the licensing statute does not infringe on the security guard's right to work.","The state has the burden of persuasion to show a compelling state interest in enacting such legislation.","The security guard has the burden of persuasion to show that the state law is excessively punitive and constitutes cruel and unusual punishment."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1565,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled in cases such as District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm, unconnected with service in a militia, and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home. However, the Court also stated that this right is not unlimited and does not preclude certain longstanding prohibitions and regulations on firearms.\n\nThe state statute described provides reasonable regulations, such as prohibiting felons and mentally ill persons from obtaining firearms, which are consistent with public safety concerns and do not fundamentally infringe upon the core right of individuals to possess handguns for self-defense in their homes.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state statute contained reasonable provisions for the regulation, sale, possession and use of certain weapons for self-defense in one's home, including semi-automatic rifles and handguns. The statute stressed registration and the individual's personal characteristics. The law prohibited the issuance of a license to felons and mentally ill persons or others presenting a danger of violence. It prohibited the commercial sale of guns from residential locations and required a commercial permit. Certain semi-automatic weapons were prohibited. A citizen who wished to purchase and maintain various guns in a manner violative of the statute sued the state. He claimed that the statute was a violation of the Second Amendment, which provides for the \"right to keep and bear arms.\" The case was accepted for review by the U.S. Supreme Court. What will the Court decide?","score":1,"choices":["The statute is a reasonable regulation that will not hinder the right to possess a handgun for self-defense in the home and the individual's lawsuit will be dismissed.","The statute is unconstitutional because it violates the Second Amendment, thus the individual's lawsuit will be successful.","The statute is invalid as it excessively regulates the possession and use of firearms, thus the individual's lawsuit will be successful.","The statute is unreasonable as it infringes on the individual's right to bear arms, thus the man's lawsuit will be successful.","The Second Amendment only applies to militias, thus the individual's lawsuit will be dismissed.","Semi-automatic guns cannot be restricted in any way and the lawsuit will be successful.","The Second Amendment prohibits all forms of gun control because of the need for a strong militia, and the man's lawsuit will be successful.","The statute is a reasonable regulation but the individual's lawsuit will still be successful due to a technicality in the law.","The statute is constitutional as it aims to prevent the misuse of firearms, thus the individual's lawsuit will be dismissed.","The regulation of firearms for the safety of society is an absolute, unfettered right of the state governments and the individual's lawsuit is dismissed for that reason."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1566,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Declaration of Covenants is a recorded document that runs with the land, meaning it applies to all subsequent owners regardless of whether they are aware of it or if it is mentioned in their deed. Therefore, the son's lack of awareness does not exempt him from the restrictions. The best argument for the son would be one that challenges the applicability of the restriction based on the nature of his business.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A housing corporation owned a tract of land and prepared a development plan to divide the land into 100 lots and create a residential community on the property. The Declaration of Covenants created the community association, an administrative entity that would administer and enforce the regulations' and restrictions recited in the Declaration of Covenants. One of the restrictions reads:\"There shall never at any time be erected, permitted, or maintained upon any part of the property any structure designed for or used as a saloon or place for the sale or manufacture of malt, vinous, or spirituous liquors. \"The Declaration of Covenants was duly recorded and was included in the deed taken by a psychologist when he purchased lot 24 in the housing development. The psychologist recorded his deed. The psychologist gave his lot to his son. The deed conveying lot 24 to the son contained no reference to the Declaration of Covenants or any of its provisions. The deed provided that \"these premises are conveyed to (the son), his heirs, and assigns, as long as they are used for residential purposes only. \" The son did not record his deed. The son was unaware of the Declaration of Covenants. The son started a home business selling imported wine from his home. A geologist, the owner of lot 26, which was situated next to the son's lot, brought an action of ejectment against the son. Which of the following is the best argument for the son?","score":0,"choices":["Not having been recorded, the condition cannot be enforced against the son.","The son's business does not qualify as a saloon or place for manufacture of liquors.","The law prohibits a fee simple determinable.","The deed to the son created a fee simple determinable with a possibility of reverter, giving the psychologist, but not the geologist, the right to sue the son.","The geologist is entitled only to an injunction against the son.","The son was not aware of the Declaration of Covenants, thus should not be held accountable.","The psychologist did not explicitly forbid the sale of alcohol in the deed to the son.","The geologist has no right to sue as the son's business does not affect him directly.","The prohibition in the Declaration of Covenants does not apply as the son did not purchase the lot."],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1567,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. First-degree murder typically requires intent to kill or cause serious harm, and often premeditation. The key here is the defendant's state of mind and intent at the time of the shooting. \n\n- Option A: The defendant intended to fire a warning shot but accidentally struck the victim. This shows lack of intent to kill.\n- Option B: Demonstrating a trick with no intent to fire shows lack of intent.\n- Option C: Transferred intent applies; intending to kill one person but killing another still satisfies the intent requirement.\n- Option D: Mercy killing still involves intent to kill, even if done out of compassion.\n- Option E: Premeditation is not always required for first-degree murder if \"knowingly\" causing death suffices.\n- Option F: Police officers may have justifications, but this does not negate intent.\n- Option G: Being under the influence does not necessarily negate intent.\n- Option H: Intent to kill oneself but accidentally killing another might negate specific intent to kill that person.\n- Option I: Being asleep and unknowingly firing negates conscious intent or knowledge.\n- Option J: Assuming the gun was not loaded might show lack of knowledge or willfulness.\n\nThe situation most likely resulting in acquittal would be where the defendant lacked any conscious awareness or control over his actions, which is best represented by being asleep and unknowingly firing the gun.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A defendant shot and killed a victim at close range with a revolver. After the shooting death, the defendant was arrested and charged with first-degree murder. In this jurisdiction, first-degree murder is defined as \"knowingly or willfully causing the death of another human being. \"Which of the following situations, if believed by the jury, would most likely result in the defendant's acquittal of the first-degree murder charge?","score":0,"choices":["The defendant intended to fire a warning shot, but accidentally struck the victim.","The defendant was demonstrating a trick with the gun and did not intend to fire it.","The defendant intended to kill another man, but the victim unknowingly stepped in front of the other man and was struck and killed by the bullet.","The victim, who was the defendant's brother, suffered from an incurable case of cancer and asked the defendant to kill him to put an end to his pain and suffering.","The killing was not done with premeditation or deliberation.","The defendant, a police officer, shot the victim while trying to apprehend him for a suspected crime.","The defendant was under the influence of drugs and did not realize he was firing at a person.","The defendant intended to kill himself, but the bullet grazed his head and struck and killed the victim.","The defendant was asleep and unknowingly fired the gun when he was startled awake.","The defendant was under the assumption that the gun was not loaded."],"correct":"H","answer":"I"}
{"number":1568,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to establish post offices and post roads (Article I, Section 8, Clause 7). This power is generally understood to be exclusive, meaning that states cannot establish their own postal services that would compete with the federal postal service. Therefore, the strongest constitutional argument against the proposed state postal service is that it conflicts with the federal government's exclusive power to establish and regulate postal services.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A state was facing a fiscal problem. In order to raise funds, the state decided to consider the creation of a state postal service that only its residents may use for intrastate mail. The price for stamps printed by the state postal service would be half the cost of stamps printed by the U. S. Postal Service and would always be guaranteed to arrive within 24 hours. In addition, any employees of the state would be able to send their mail for free through the state postal service. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument against the proposed legislation?","score":1,"choices":["It goes against the Supremacy Clause as it conflicts with federal laws governing postal services.","It is a violation of the Tenth Amendment as it encroaches on the powers reserved for the federal government.","It interferes with the sovereign autonomy of the U. S. Postal Service to operate as an independent federal agency.","It denies citizens of the state who are not state government employees their rights under the privileges or immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","It infringes on the First Amendment rights of individuals by limiting their choice of postal service.","It constitutes a violation of the commerce clause, as it interferes with interstate commerce.","It infringes on the rights of non-residents who might want to use the service.","It constitutes a denial of equal protection of the laws, because employees of the state receive personal benefits that are not enjoyed by employees of other states.","The negative implications that flow from the delegation to Congress of the power to establish a post office prohibit such a state postal service."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1569,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The jurisdiction's recording act is a notice statute, which means that a subsequent purchaser who takes without notice of a prior unrecorded deed prevails over the prior grantee. Here, the buyer recorded his deed and had no knowledge of the prior rancher-to-son deed. The grower, however, did not search the title and thus did not have notice of the buyer's recorded deed.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"In 1993, a rancher had good record title to a 20-acre orange grove in fee simple absolute. In 1994, the rancher delivered to his son, for a sum of $1,000, a deed signed by the rancher, naming the son and his heirs as grantee, and appearing valid on its face. The son neglected to record the deed. In 1998, a farmer, aware of the existence of the rancher-to-son deed, sought out the rancher and asked to buy for $10,000 a deed to the orange grove from the rancher to the fanner and his heirs. The rancher executed such a deed, and the fanner promptly recorded it. The farmer's intent was to acquire color of title and obtain ownership of the orange grove by adverse possession. In 1998, the farmer constructed a fence around the orange grove. In 1999, the son presented his deed of the orange grove to a retiree, and for $15,000, paid by the retiree, signed and delivered a deed of the orange grove in favor of the retiree and his heirs. After receiving the deed, the retiree made no effort to search the title, to examine the property, or to record the deed. In 2003, a buyer paid the fanner $20,000, and the farmer delivered to the buyer a deed of the orange grove in favor of the buyer and his heirs. The buyer had examined the property, had searched the title, and had no knowledge of the farmer's awareness of the prior rancher-to-son instrument. Although the buyer did not reside on the property, he regularly visited the orange grove twice a week. The buyer recorded his deed. In 2007 for $25,000 paid by an orange grower, the retiree signed and delivered adeed of the orange grove naming the orange grower and his heirs as grantees. Before the grower had paid the retiree and taken his deed, the grower visited the orange grove and observed the fence. However, the buyer was not present when the grower visited the property and nothing suggested who Â€Â”if anyone Â€Â”was using it. In any case, the grower did not attempt to search the title before making his purchase. This jurisdiction uses Grantor Â€Â”Grantee Indices and has no Tract Index. In 2008, what is the present state of title to the orange grove if the jurisdiction's recording act provides: \"Every conveyance of real property shall be invalid as against any person, except the grantor, his heirs, and assigns, having actual notice thereof, unless it is recorded as provided by statute\"?","score":1,"choices":["In a notice jurisdiction, the grower, as a subsequent bonafide purchaser, is only chargeable with notice of what appears in his chain of title and, therefore, would acquire record title to the orange grove.","In a race Â€Â”notice jurisdiction, the farmer would acquire equitable title to the orange grove, because he erected the fence and failed to inform the buyer of the prior rancher-to-son instrument.","In a race-notice jurisdiction, the farmer, having recorded his deed first, would acquire record title to the orange grove.","In a race-notice jurisdiction, the grower, being the last to record, would acquire record title to the orange grove.","In a notice jurisdiction, the retiree would acquire record title to the orange grove even though he failed to record his deed.","In a race-notice jurisdiction, the son would acquire record title to the orange grove, because he is the original grantee.","In a race jurisdiction, the buyer, having recorded his deed before the grower, would acquire record title to the orange grove.","In a notice jurisdiction, the retiree, despite not recording his deed, would acquire equitable title to the orange grove due to his payment and receipt of the deed.","In a notice jurisdiction, the rancher retains record title to the orange grove, as he never properly conveyed his title."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1570,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An accord and satisfaction is a legal contract whereby two parties agree to discharge a tort claim, contract, or other liability for an amount based on terms that differ from the original amount of the contract or claim. However, in this case, the agreement is bilateral because both parties have promised future performance (the friend promises to deliver the bat and the creditor promises to discharge the debt). Therefore, it is best described as a bilateral executory accord.\nAnswer: F","question":"A creditor loaned his friend $15,000 to help pay for the friend's daughter's college tuition. Six months later, the friend lost his job and was unable to repay the loan to the creditor. After learning of his friend's situation, the creditor sent his friend the following letter on June 1:\"I promise to discharge the $15,000 debt which you owe me upon delivery of your autographed baseball bat if you promise to deliver the bat to me by August 1 . \"After receiving this letter, the friend telephoned the creditor and accepted the offer. The friend's verbal acceptance of the creditor's offer most likely effectuated","score":1,"choices":["a substituted compromise agreement.","a debt recovery agreement.","an accord and satisfaction.","a novation.","a mortgage agreement.","a bilateral executory accord.","a mutual satisfaction agreement.","an unenforceable promise.","a creditor-debtor agreement.","a unilateral executory accord."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1571,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on postmodernism for help. Lyotard's dictum suggests skepticism towards grand, overarching narratives or universal truths that claim to explain and legitimize knowledge and cultural norms. Postmodernism questions the validity of these meta-narratives, implying that universal values are not inherently meaningful or applicable to all contexts.\nAnswer: B","question":"Lyotard's dictum 'I define postmodern as incredulity toward meta-narratives' means:","score":1,"choices":["Postmodernism disregards individual stories.","Universal values are meaningless.","Literature reproduces repression.","The concept of truth is objective and undeniable.","The law is static.","Individual stories are suspect.","Postmodernism promotes the acceptance of all narratives.","Postmodernism rejects all forms of authority."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1572,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. H.L.A. Hart's theory of law distinguishes between primary rules (which impose duties) and secondary rules (which confer powers, such as the rule of recognition). The rule of recognition is a secondary rule that helps identify what is considered valid law within a legal system. However, it is argued that the rule of recognition both confers power and imposes duties on judges to decide cases according to recognized criteria. This dual function makes it seem unconvincing as purely 'power-conferring'.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Hart argues that secondary rules are 'power-conferring' but this seems unconvincing in the case of the rule of recognition because:","score":1,"choices":["It is not a social rule.","It both confers power and imposes duties on judges to decide cases.","It is a primary rule, not a secondary rule.","It is applicable only in the case of federal constitutions.","It fails to specify the source of authority.","It does not confer power but only recognizes it.","It applies only in the case of unitary constitutions.","It is more of a procedural rule than a power-conferring rule.","It only imposes duties on judges without conferring power.","It confers power on the legislature, not the judiciary."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1573,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Derek Parfit, a prominent philosopher, is known for his work on ethics and personal identity. In his discussions on equality, Parfit does not reject the idea of equality outright but rather focuses on the implications and practicalities of striving for equality. He argues that prioritizing the needs of the worst-off (the principle of priority) can be more important than achieving strict equality. This approach suggests that improving the condition of the poor can lead to greater overall well-being without necessarily achieving perfect equality.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Why does Parfit oppose equality?","score":1,"choices":["He claims that by giving priority to the needs of the poor, we can increase equality.","He rejects the idea of equality altogether.","He believes that equality is not a realistic goal.","He argues than an unequal society is inevitable.","He suggests that societal structures inherently support inequality.","He asserts that we are each responsible for our poverty.","He posits that striving for equality undermines individual freedoms.","He argues that inequality is necessary for competition and progress.","He contends that inequality is a natural human condition."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1574,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Hugo Grotius, a Dutch jurist, is often considered one of the founding figures of modern natural law theory. He emphasized that natural law is based on human nature and the inherent need for social living.\nAnswer: G","question":"â€œNatural law is based on the nature of man and on his inward need of living in society.â€ Who said it?","score":0,"choices":["Spinoza","Rousseau","Aristotle","Kant","Socrates","Hobbes","Hugo Grotius","Plato","Descartes","Locke"],"correct":"F","answer":"G"}
{"number":1575,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Protocol 14 to the European Convention on Human Rights introduced several reforms to improve the efficiency of the European Court of Human Rights. It did change the committee that hears admissibility cases from a three-judge formation to a single judge, added a new criterion for admissibility, and extended the judicial term of office for judges of the European Court of Human Rights. However, it did not abolish the Commission of Human Rights, as this body had already been abolished earlier by Protocol 11.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Which one of the following statements is false?","score":1,"choices":["Protocol 14 changed the committee that hears admissibility cases from a three judge to a one judge formation","Protocol 14 added a new criterion for admissibility","Protocol 14 abolished the Commission of Human Rights","Protocol 14 extended the judicial term of office for the European Court of Human Rights"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1576,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Protocol 14 to the European Convention on Human Rights was designed to streamline and improve the efficiency of the European Court of Human Rights. It did not establish the Human Rights Council (which is a body of the United Nations), nor did it eliminate the right to individual petition. It introduced measures such as allowing a single judge to dismiss plainly inadmissible cases, adding new admissibility criteria, and extending judges' terms from six to nine years. Therefore, statements A and G are false, but since we need to choose one, we can confirm that Protocol 14 did not establish the Human Rights Council.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Which one of the following statements is false?","score":0,"choices":["Protocol 14 established the Human Rights Council","Protocol 14 mandated a two judge formation for hearing admissibility cases","Protocol 14 reduced the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights","Protocol 14 shortened the judicial term of office for the European Court of Human Rights","Protocol 14 introduced a requirement for unanimous decision-making in admissibility cases","Protocol 14 added a new criterion for admissibility","Protocol 14 eliminated the right to individual petition","Protocol 14 changed the committee that hears admissibility cases from a three judge to a one judge formation","Protocol 14 extended the judicial term of office for the European Court of Human Rights","Protocol 14 abolished the Commission of Human Rights"],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":1577,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. Treaties are formal agreements between states that are governed by international law. According to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, treaties do not need to assume a particular form or be designated as such, but they must be in written form and governed by international law.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Should treaties assume a particular form?","score":1,"choices":["Treaties do not need to be designated as such, but must always assume a particular form","Treaties should always be written in legal language, regardless of their form","Treaties should always assume a particular form, no matter how they are designated","Treaties should always be designated as such, but do not need to assume a particular form","Treaties do not have to assume a particular form or designated as such","Treaties should not be designated as such, and do not need to assume a particular form","Treaties do not need to be designated or assume a particular form, but must always be ratified by the legislative body","Treaties have to be designated as such, no matter what form they assume","Treaties should always be designated as such and assume a particular form","Treaties can assume any form, but must always be signed by the heads of states"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1578,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. According to international law, treaties are formal agreements between states that are governed by international law. The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (1969) specifies that treaties do not need to assume a particular form or be designated as such, but they must be in written form and governed by international law.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Should treaties assume a particular form?","score":1,"choices":["Treaties do not need to be designated as such, but must always assume a particular form","Treaties should always be written in legal language, regardless of their form","Treaties should always assume a particular form, no matter how they are designated","Treaties should always be designated as such, but do not need to assume a particular form","Treaties do not have to assume a particular form or designated as such","Treaties should not be designated as such, and do not need to assume a particular form","Treaties do not need to be designated or assume a particular form, but must always be ratified by the legislative body","Treaties have to be designated as such, no matter what form they assume","Treaties should always be designated as such and assume a particular form","Treaties can assume any form, but must always be signed by the heads of states"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1579,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on federal jurisdiction for help. Federal courts have jurisdiction over federal claims, but they do not have exclusive jurisdiction over such claims unless specified by statute. In this case, the woman asserted both state and federal claims. The removal to federal court was based on federal-question jurisdiction, which allows for removal of cases involving federal law. However, the presence of state law claims complicates the matter.\n\nThe correct procedure would be to remand the entire case if there is a valid reason for remand, such as improper removal or lack of jurisdiction. The employer's attorney has timely moved to remand, indicating an objection to the removal.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman sued her former employer in state court, asserting age and sex discrimination claims under both state and federal law. The woman's attorney had recently been embarrassed in court by the judge to whom the case was assigned. Wishing to avoid difficulties with the judge, the woman's attorney promptly removed the case to federal court on the basis of federal-question jurisdiction. The employer's attorney has timely moved to remand. How is the federal court likely to proceed?","score":1,"choices":["Retain the case, because the employer's attorney did not provide sufficient reasons for remand.","Remand the entire case.","Retain the case to avoid the risk of bias and impropriety in having it proceed before a judge who has shown clear hostility toward the woman's attorney.","Retain the case, because the woman's attorney has a valid concern about possible bias in state court.","Retain the case, as federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction over federal claims.","Retain the case, as the employer's attorney has not objected to the removal.","Retain the case, because it was timely removed and the woman alleges federal claims.","Remand the state claims but keep the federal claims."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1580,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In order for a claim of misrepresentation to succeed, the plaintiff must typically show that they relied on the false statement to their detriment. Here, the pedestrian did not rely on the adjuster's false statement; instead, he rejected the offer, retained an attorney, and ultimately won a much larger verdict. Therefore, the pedestrian did not suffer any monetary loss as a result of the adjuster's misrepresentation.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A pedestrian was crossing the street when he was hit by a car. The pedestrian suffered a neck injury. The driver of the car that hit the pedestrian had auto insurance. A claims adjuster from that insurance company contacted the pedestrian and discussed the accident with him. The insurance adjuster said, \"You're not actually entitled to any compensation for these injuries, under the laws of this state; but I feel bad for you, and I'm a nice guy, so I'm willing to approve a $1,000 payment to you. \" The insurance adjuster knew that, in fact, the pedestrian would be entitled to compensation under the state's tort law. The pedestrian rejected the offer, retained an attorney, and wound up winning a $550,000 jury verdict on negligence claims against the driver. If the pedestrian asserts a claim against the insurance adjuster for misrepresentation, will the pedestrian prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the insurance adjuster's statements did not cause the pedestrian any monetary loss.","No, because the insurance adjuster was not acting in a legal capacity when discussing the case with the pedestrian.","Yes, because the adjuster intentionally misled the pedestrian about his legal rights.","No, because the pedestrian did not rely on the adjuster's statement in deciding to reject the offer.","No, because the pedestrian won the case and received more than the initial offer.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster's $1,000 settlement offer was grossly inadequate.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster knew that laws of the state provided for recovery in such a case.","Yes, because the pedestrian was emotionally distressed due to the adjuster's misrepresentation.","No, because the insurance adjuster did not have a fiduciary relationship requiring him to protect the pedestrian's interests.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster's statement was a direct violation of the pedestrian's rights."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1581,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. For a claim of misrepresentation to be successful, the plaintiff generally must show that they relied on the false statement to their detriment. In this case, the pedestrian did not rely on the adjuster's false statement; instead, he rejected the offer, retained an attorney, and ultimately won a substantial jury verdict. Therefore, the pedestrian did not suffer any monetary loss or detriment due to the adjuster's misrepresentation.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A pedestrian was crossing the street when he was hit by a car. The pedestrian suffered a neck injury. The driver of the car that hit the pedestrian had auto insurance. A claims adjuster from that insurance company contacted the pedestrian and discussed the accident with him. The insurance adjuster said, \"You're not actually entitled to any compensation for these injuries, under the laws of this state; but I feel bad for you, and I'm a nice guy, so I'm willing to approve a $1,000 payment to you. \" The insurance adjuster knew that, in fact, the pedestrian would be entitled to compensation under the state's tort law. The pedestrian rejected the offer, retained an attorney, and wound up winning a $550,000 jury verdict on negligence claims against the driver. If the pedestrian asserts a claim against the insurance adjuster for misrepresentation, will the pedestrian prevail?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the insurance adjuster's statements did not cause the pedestrian any monetary loss.","No, because the insurance adjuster was not acting in a legal capacity when discussing the case with the pedestrian.","Yes, because the adjuster intentionally misled the pedestrian about his legal rights.","No, because the pedestrian did not rely on the adjuster's statement in deciding to reject the offer.","No, because the pedestrian won the case and received more than the initial offer.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster's $1,000 settlement offer was grossly inadequate.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster knew that laws of the state provided for recovery in such a case.","Yes, because the pedestrian was emotionally distressed due to the adjuster's misrepresentation.","No, because the insurance adjuster did not have a fiduciary relationship requiring him to protect the pedestrian's interests.","Yes, because the insurance adjuster's statement was a direct violation of the pedestrian's rights."],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":1583,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The initial conveyance to the cousin \"and the heirs of his body\" creates a fee tail estate, which is not commonly recognized in modern law and often converted into a fee simple. The second conveyance to the niece in fee simple would be valid only if the first conveyance did not already grant a fee simple. Since most modern jurisdictions convert fee tail into fee simple, the cousin would have a fee simple estate, making the second conveyance ineffective.\nAnswer: A","question":"A man conveys to his wife's cousin a property to \"cousin and the heirs of his body.\" He then conveys the same property to his niece in fee simple. Under modern real estate laws and practice in most states today, what interest if any does his niece have?","score":1,"choices":["The conveyance gives the niece nothing because the property was already conveyed in fee simple to his wife's cousin.","She has an executory interest.","She has a fee simple.","She has a vested remainder.","She gets a leasehold interest.","She has a partial right, shared with the cousin's heirs.","A contingent remainder based upon whether or not cousin has heirs.","She gets a life estate.","She gets a reversion in case the cousin has no heir of his body at his death."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1584,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The testimony of an expert witness, such as a doctor, is generally admissible if it is based on facts or data perceived by or made known to the expert at or before the hearing. However, the \"best evidence rule\" requires that the original piece of evidence (in this case, the x-rays) be presented when the contents of that evidence are in question, unless a valid exception applies.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"In an action for malpractice, a plaintiff sued a doctor, claiming that the latter failed to properly diagnose his emphysema condition. The plaintiff contends that he went to the doctor for a medical examination after experiencing chest pains and shortness of breath. However, the doctor found no evidence of the disease and advised him that he was probably suffering from indigestion. Thereafter, the plaintiff was examined by another doctor who discovered that the plaintiff in fact was suffering from a chronic case of emphysema. At trial, the plaintiff calls the other doctor as his first witness. The other doctor proposes to testify the x-rays of the plaintiff's lungs showed that his respiratory organs were marked by distension, which was characteristic of emphysema. Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the testimony should be","score":1,"choices":["admitted, because a doctor is properly qualified as an expert in medical matters.","admitted, because the other doctor followed accepted medical practice in arriving at his opinion.","excluded, because his opinion is based upon facts not in evidence.","excluded, because the x-rays are the best evidence to show the distension of the plaintiff's lungs."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1585,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on business law for help. In this scenario, Ted Lamar did not intend to form a partnership with Bob Wilson; he was merely a lender. However, by allowing his name to be used in the business name and on stationery as a \"partner,\" Ted Lamar created an apparent partnership. Under the doctrine of \"partnership by estoppel,\" if a third party relies on the representation of a partnership and suffers a loss as a result, both parties can be held liable as partners.\n\nPete Smith, who assumed that both Wilson and Lamar were operating the hardware store based on the representations made, can hold both Bob Wilson and Ted Lamar liable for the debt incurred.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Bob Wilson borrowed $20,000 from Ted Lamar to open a hardware store. Ted's only interest in the business was the repayment of his 5-year unsecured loan. Bob was so grateful for the loan that he named his business \"Wilson and Lamar Hardware\" and purchased signs and advertising displaying this name. He also listed Bob Wilson and Ted Lamar as \"partners\" on his stationery. When Ted found out, he was flattered to the point that he voluntarily reduced Bob's interest rate from 9 percent to 8 percent per annum. A few weeks later, Pete Smith, who had assumed that both Wilson and Lamar were operating the hardware store and was not familiar with the true situation, sold goods to Wilson and Lamar Hardware. Pete Smith has been unable to collect for the goods and he seeks your advice. Your advice to Pete is","score":1,"choices":["The Wilson and Lamar Hardware business entity is solely liable.","Neither Bob Wilson nor Ted Lamar is liable.","Bob Wilson and Ted Lamar are liable jointly.","Bob Wilson is liable up to the amount of the initial loan, and Ted Lamar is liable for the remainder.","Bob Wilson is liable for the entire amount and Ted Lamar is liable only to the extent the debt cannot be collected from Bob Wilson.","Ted Lamar is solely liable.","Only the de jure partnership arising from the relationship between Wilson and Lamar is liable.","Both Bob Wilson and Ted Lamar are independently liable.","only the de facto partnership arising from the relationship between Wilson and Lamar is liable.","only Bob Wilson is liable."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1586,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In this scenario, the co-defendants planned and executed a criminal act that resulted in deaths, which makes them liable under the felony murder rule. The felony murder rule states that if a death occurs during the commission of a dangerous felony, the participants can be charged with murder regardless of intent to kill. Additionally, they conspired together to commit the crime, making them both guilty of conspiracy to commit murder.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Two co-defendants were investment brokers at a bank. They had been employed by the bank for ten years. One day, they were unexpectedly fired by the bank's new manager. Apparently, the co-defendants' investments had not been performing well in the economic downturn. The co-defendants, upset and humiliated by their firing, vowed to get back at the bank. As their revenge, they decided to plant a bomb in the bank and demand $2,000,000. After receiving the money, they would then reveal the location of the bomb and provide details for defusing it. The co-defendants agreed that the bank should be given adequate warning so that nobody would be injured. In accordance with their plan, the co-defendants consulted the Internet, where they found all the information they needed on how to build a bomb. They built the bomb and placed it in a supply closet. Shortly thereafter, they phoned the bank and made a demand for the money. They said a bomb was in the bank and that it would explode in 24 hours unless the money was paid. The bank refused to pay the money. Realizing that their plan had gone awry, they drove to the bank to attempt to defuse the bomb. As they were driving back to the bank, the bomb exploded, killing 30 people. If the co-defendants are charged with murder and conspiracy to commit murder, which of the following statements is correct?","score":0,"choices":["Only the co-defendant who made the phone call is guilty of murder, but both are guilty of conspiracy to commit murder.","Both co-defendants are guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit murder.","Both co-defendants are guilty of conspiracy to commit murder, but not murder.","Both co-defendants are not guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit murder.","Both co-defendants are guilty of felony murder, but neither is guilty of conspiracy to commit murder.","Both co-defendants are guilty of felony murder, and only one is guilty of conspiracy to commit murder.","Only the co-defendant who placed the bomb is guilty of felony murder and conspiracy to commit murder.","Only the co-defendant who made the phone call is guilty of felony murder and conspiracy to commit murder.","Both co-defendants are guilty of conspiracy to commit murder, and only one is guilty of murder.","Only the co-defendant who placed the bomb is guilty of murder, but both are guilty of conspiracy to commit murder."],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1587,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The prisoner's claim is based on his religious beliefs and practices, which are protected under the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom of religion. The First Amendment prohibits the government from making any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. This would be the strongest constitutional argument for the prisoner to support his claim for a special diet.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A prisoner was serving a life sentence in a state prison as a result of his conviction for the murder of a child who had trespassed onto his farmland. The prisoner came from a family of farmers, dating back to at least 1750. His family believed that all nourishment comes from the ground and that one's soul will be saved only if his diet consists totally of natural, farm-grown food. The prisoner followed that belief and ate only fresh fruits and vegetables. He further believes that a higher power has commanded him to eat only vegetarian foods. When the prisoner entered the prison state prison officials agreed to grant his wishes and served him only fresh fruits and vegetables for his meals. After six months, deciding that catering to his special diet was overly burdensome and administratively unworkable, the officials decided to stop giving the prisoner special treatment and began to serve him the same food as served to the rest of the prison population. Although nothing physically prohibited the prisoner from eating and surviving on the general prison population's diet, he refused to eat the food that was not in conformity with his special diet. The prisoner's best constitutional argument to support his claim of the right to a fresh fruit and vegetable diet is based on","score":0,"choices":["the Ninth Amendment's protection of rights not specifically enumerated in the Constitution.","the Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","the Fifteenth Amendment's protection of the right to vote.","the Sixth Amendment's right to a fair trial.","the First Amendment.","the Eighth Amendment's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment, as applied to the states.","the Thirteenth Amendment's prohibition of slavery.","the Fourteenth Amendment.","the Fifth Amendment's protection against self-incrimination."],"correct":"H","answer":"E"}
{"number":1588,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The prisoner's claim is based on his religious beliefs, which are protected under the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom of religion. The First Amendment protects individuals' rights to practice their religion freely, without undue interference from the government. Therefore, the prisoner's best constitutional argument to support his claim of the right to a fresh fruit and vegetable diet is based on the First Amendment.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A prisoner was serving a life sentence in a state prison as a result of his conviction for the murder of a child who had trespassed onto his farmland. The prisoner came from a family of farmers, dating back to at least 1750. His family believed that all nourishment comes from the ground and that one's soul will be saved only if his diet consists totally of natural, farm-grown food. The prisoner followed that belief and ate only fresh fruits and vegetables. He further believes that a higher power has commanded him to eat only vegetarian foods. When the prisoner entered the prison state prison officials agreed to grant his wishes and served him only fresh fruits and vegetables for his meals. After six months, deciding that catering to his special diet was overly burdensome and administratively unworkable, the officials decided to stop giving the prisoner special treatment and began to serve him the same food as served to the rest of the prison population. Although nothing physically prohibited the prisoner from eating and surviving on the general prison population's diet, he refused to eat the food that was not in conformity with his special diet. The prisoner's best constitutional argument to support his claim of the right to a fresh fruit and vegetable diet is based on","score":0,"choices":["the Fourteenth Amendment's substantive due process clause.","the Ninth Amendment's protection of rights not specifically enumerated in the Constitution.","the Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","the Fifteenth Amendment's protection of the right to vote.","the Sixth Amendment's right to a fair trial.","the First Amendment.","the Eighth Amendment's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment, as applied to the states.","the Thirteenth Amendment's prohibition of slavery.","the Fourteenth Amendment.","the Fifth Amendment's protection against self-incrimination."],"correct":"I","answer":"F"}
{"number":1589,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The statute in question defines bribery as offering or giving a thing of value to a government officeholder in exchange for official action. The key elements here are the offer or giving of something of value and the intent behind it.\n\n- Option A suggests that the agreement itself is sufficient for conspiracy, but this does not address the actual act of bribery.\n- Option B focuses on the fact that the developer gave money with the intent to influence official action, which aligns with the statute's definition of bribery.\n- Option C incorrectly assumes that the outcome (the commission member's decision) negates the act of giving something of value with intent.\n- Option D suggests that there was no true agreement, but the statute does not require mutual agreement, only the act of offering or giving with intent.\n\nGiven these considerations, even if the commission member would have approved the variance regardless, the developer's act of giving $10,000 with the intent to influence constitutes bribery under the statute.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"This jurisdiction has the following bribery statute in effect:\"Any person who offers or gives a thing of value to a government officeholder in exchange for official action is guilty of bribery. \"A real estate developer owned a large parcel of land in the suburbs. Although the developer wanted to build an office building on the property, the land was zoned residential. Due to the residential zoning, the developer could not pursue his planned development unless he received a variance from the building commission. The developer held a meeting with a member of the building commission to solicit his approval in securing a zoning variance. To do so, the developer gave the commission member $10,000 in exchange for his support in approving the zoning variance. Thereupon, the commission member voted to approve the variance, thus making it possible for the developer to commence construction of the office building. The developer was subsequently prosecuted for conspiracy to commit bribery. During the course of the trial, the commission member testified that he faked the agreement with the developer and would have approved the zoning variance regardless of whether the developer gave him any money. Furthermore, in his defense, the developer presented evidence that the other six members of the building commission voted affirmatively to approve the variance. If the jury believed that the commission member would have approved the variance even had he not received the $10,000, the developer should be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because the commission member's agreement to accept the $10,000 was sufficient to form a conspiratorial objective.","guilty, because he gave the commission member the $10,000 in exchange for his approval of the zoning variance.","not guilty, because the commission member did not receive a thing of value, since he would have approved the variance regardless of receiving any payment from the developer.","not guilty, because there was no true agreement between the parties."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1590,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Burglary is typically defined as the unlawful entry into a building with the intent to commit a crime, usually theft, inside. The key elements are unlawful entry and intent to commit a crime. In this case, the defendant entered the house without permission (unlawful entry) and intended to steal the baseball (intent to commit a crime). The fact that he did not use force to enter or that the door was unlocked does not negate the unlawful entry element.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A homeowner was holding his annual party at his home. His parties attracted a wide variety of diverse individuals. On the night in question, a defendant was loafing at the local bar when a number of the invited guests came in to purchase spirits for the party. The defendant decided to crash the party. He arrived at the homeowner's house around midnight when the party was in full swing. He went in through the front door, which was unlocked, and easily mingled with the other partygoers. During the party, the defendant wandered through the house and came upon a baseball, signed by a famous baseball player, in a glass case. Knowing the ball to be very valuable, the defendant put it under his jacket and made his way down the stairs and out the front door. If the defendant is subsequently charged with burglary, he will probably be found","score":0,"choices":["guilty, because he stole a valuable item.","not guilty, because he did not use force to enter the house.","not guilty, because the front door was unlocked.","guilty, because he intended to steal the baseball.","guilty, because he didn't have an invitation to the party.","not guilty, because he crashed the party only to have a good time.","guilty, because he crashed the party.","not guilty, because he left the party without causing any harm.","guilty, because he had the intention to commit a crime inside the house.","not guilty, because he did not break into the house."],"correct":"F","answer":"I"}
{"number":1591,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, a seller has the right to cure a defective shipment if they can deliver conforming goods within the contract time. The printing company attempted to cure its initial defective shipment of Thanksgiving cards by delivering the correct Christmas cards on October 25, which was within the original delivery deadline of November 1. Therefore, the card shop's refusal to accept the corrected shipment was improper because the printing company had cured its initial breach.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"On September 15, a card shop sent the following fax to a printing company: \"Please deliver 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards, delivery by November 1. \"On October 10, the printing company shipped 100 dozen assorted Thanksgiving cards to the card shop, which were received on October 12. The following day, the card shop sent the following fax to the printing company: \"Be advised that your shipment is rejected. Order stipulated Christmas cards, not Thanksgiving cards. \"On October 15, the printing company sent the following fax to the card shop: \"Will ship 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards by November 1. Please ship the Thanksgiving cards back to our warehouse and bill us for the shipping charges. \" This fax was received by the card shop, but the card shop did not respond to it or ship the Thanksgiving cards back to the printing company. On October 25, the printing company attempted to deliver 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards to the card shop, but the latter refused to accept. Did the card shop properly reject the October 25 delivery?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the card shop did not explicitly agree to the modified offer from the printing company.","No, because the printing company cured the October 10 defective shipment by its tender of conforming goods on October 25.","Yes, because the printing company's shipping of the Thanksgiving cards on October 10 constituted a present breach of contract.","Yes, because the card shop was not obligated to accept the second shipment of Christmas cards.","No, because under the UCC a contract for the sale of goods can be modified without consideration.","Yes, because the printing company did not deliver the correct order initially as requested by the card shop.","Yes, because the card shop had already rejected the initial shipment of Thanksgiving cards.","Yes, because the printing company's shipping of the Thanksgiving cards on October 10 constituted an anticipatory breach.","No, because the card shop did not return the Thanksgiving cards as requested by the printing company."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1592,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), a seller has the right to cure a defective shipment if the time for performance has not yet expired. In this case, the printing company attempted to cure the defect by shipping the correct Christmas cards before the November 1 deadline. The card shop's rejection of the October 25 delivery would not be proper because the printing company cured the initial nonconforming shipment within the contract period.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"On September 15, a card shop sent the following fax to a printing company: \"Please deliver 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards, delivery by November 1. \"On October 10, the printing company shipped 100 dozen assorted Thanksgiving cards to the card shop, which were received on October 12. The following day, the card shop sent the following fax to the printing company: \"Be advised that your shipment is rejected. Order stipulated Christmas cards, not Thanksgiving cards. \"On October 15, the printing company sent the following fax to the card shop: \"Will ship 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards by November 1. Please ship the Thanksgiving cards back to our warehouse and bill us for the shipping charges. \" This fax was received by the card shop, but the card shop did not respond to it or ship the Thanksgiving cards back to the printing company. On October 25, the printing company attempted to deliver 100 dozen assorted Christmas cards to the card shop, but the latter refused to accept. Did the card shop properly reject the October 25 delivery?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the printing company attempted to rectify the situation by offering to ship the correct cards.","No, because the card shop did not explicitly agree to the modified offer from the printing company.","No, because the printing company cured the October 10 defective shipment by its tender of conforming goods on October 25.","Yes, because the printing company's shipping of the Thanksgiving cards on October 10 constituted a present breach of contract.","Yes, because the card shop was not obligated to accept the second shipment of Christmas cards.","No, because under the UCC a contract for the sale of goods can be modified without consideration.","Yes, because the printing company did not deliver the correct order initially as requested by the card shop.","Yes, because the card shop had already rejected the initial shipment of Thanksgiving cards.","Yes, because the printing company's shipping of the Thanksgiving cards on October 10 constituted an anticipatory breach.","No, because the card shop did not return the Thanksgiving cards as requested by the printing company."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1593,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Attempted murder and attempted manslaughter require a specific intent to kill or cause serious harm, which the defendant explicitly denied. Assault with the intent to cause serious bodily injury also requires a specific intent to cause harm, which is not supported by the defendant's testimony. Battery, on the other hand, involves the unlawful application of force resulting in harmful or offensive contact, which aligns with the defendant's reckless driving and indifference to the consequences.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant was driving his new sports car at a high rate of speed on a busy city street in the middle of the day. A pedestrian was struck by the defendant's car as she was crossing the street and was seriously injured. A criminal complaint was filed against the defendant and, at trial, he testified that he did not intend to injure anyone, but admitted that he was indifferent as to the consequences of driving recklessly. Based on the defendant's actions and testimony, he should be found guilty of","score":1,"choices":["attempted murder.","attempted manslaughter.","assault with the intent to cause serious bodily injury.","battery."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1594,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Attempted murder and attempted manslaughter require a specific intent to kill or cause serious harm, which the defendant did not have. Assault with intent to cause serious bodily injury also requires specific intent to cause harm. Battery, however, involves unlawful physical contact that results in injury or offensive touching, and does not necessarily require intent to harm, only reckless or negligent behavior leading to the contact.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant was driving his new sports car at a high rate of speed on a busy city street in the middle of the day. A pedestrian was struck by the defendant's car as she was crossing the street and was seriously injured. A criminal complaint was filed against the defendant and, at trial, he testified that he did not intend to injure anyone, but admitted that he was indifferent as to the consequences of driving recklessly. Based on the defendant's actions and testimony, he should be found guilty of","score":1,"choices":["attempted murder.","attempted manslaughter.","assault with the intent to cause serious bodily injury.","battery."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1595,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Apparent agency, also known as apparent authority, occurs when a third party reasonably believes that an agent has authority to act on behalf of a principal due to the actions or representations of the principal. In this case, the manufacturer allowed the installer to use its logo, which could lead the homeowner to reasonably believe that the installer was acting on behalf of the manufacturer. This creates a basis for a claim under the rule of apparent agency.\nAnswer: J","question":"A homeowner was injured when he slipped and fell in a puddle of water on his sunroom floor; the water had accumulated on the floor during a rainstorm because of leaks in the roof. The roof's manufacturer had supplied nondefective materials to the installer, who was a franchisee (and not an employee) of the manufacturer. The leaks resulted from the carelessness of the installer during the from the carelessness of the installer during the installation of the roof. The installer's truck, which had been parked in front of the homeowner's house during the roof installation, bore the manufacturer's logo. The manufacturer was aware that the truck and the literature supplied by the installer both displayed the manufacturer's logo. Is there any basis for a claim by the homeowner against the manufacturer?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the manufacturer was aware that the installer used their logo.","Yes, because the installer was a franchisee of the manufacturer.","No, because the homeowner was responsible for choosing the installer.","Yes, because the installer's truck displayed the manufacturer's logo.","No, because the manufacturer only supplied nondefective materials.","No, because the leaks were due to the installer's negligence, not the manufacturer's.","No, because a franchisor has no duty to supervise the conduct of a franchisee.","Yes, under the rule of vicarious liability.","No, under the rule that a manufacturer is liable only for defects in a product that existed at the time the product left the hands of the manufacturer.","Yes, under the rule of apparent agency."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1596,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When reviewing laws that affect fundamental rights such as voting, courts typically apply strict scrutiny, the highest standard of judicial review. Under strict scrutiny, the law must be necessary to achieve a compelling government purpose and must be narrowly tailored to achieve that purpose.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"There is a voting law that is going to be reviewed by the court. If the law is upheld, what must be true?","score":1,"choices":["The law is necessary to achieve a compelling government purpose.","The law is substantially related to an important government purpose.","The law is rationally related to a legitimate government purpose.","The law is substantially related to a legitimate government purpose."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1597,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When a court reviews a voting law, it typically applies strict scrutiny because voting is a fundamental right. Under strict scrutiny, the law must be necessary to achieve a compelling government purpose. This is the highest standard of review used by courts to evaluate the constitutionality of laws.\nAnswer: E","question":"There is a voting law that is going to be reviewed by the court. If the law is upheld, what must be true?","score":1,"choices":["The law is necessary for a legitimate government purpose.","The law is rationally related to an important government purpose.","The law is unnecessarily related to a compelling government purpose.","The law is substantially related to an important government purpose.","The law is necessary to achieve a compelling government purpose.","The law is moderately related to a compelling government purpose.","The law is rationally related to a legitimate government purpose.","The law is vaguely related to a significant government purpose.","The law is substantially unrelated to any government purpose.","The law is substantially related to a legitimate government purpose."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1598,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The federal court should hear the case because it involves a potential violation of the Equal Protection Clause and the Privileges and Immunities Clause of Article IV, Section 2 of the Constitution. The statute discriminates against nonresidents by imposing a significantly higher fee, which could be seen as a violation of these constitutional protections.\nAnswer: A","question":"A shrimp fishery is located in the coastal waters of a state. A large part of the catch is either frozen or canned, and distributed nationwide. The state legislature passed a statute requiring payment of a license fee of $25 for each shrimp boat owned by a resident and $2,500 for each boat owned by a nonresident. A resident of a neighboring state was a commercial shrimp fisherman who was denied a license after refusing to pay the $2,500 fee. The resident brought suit in federal court challenging the constitutionality of the state shrimp boat licensing statute. The federal court should","score":1,"choices":["hear the case on its merits.","abstain from jurisdiction because it involves the operations of a commercial business.","dismiss the case because the resident is not a citizen of the state implementing the statute.","dismiss the suit because it involves a question of state law.","hear the case but uphold the statute as it is within the state's rights to regulate its resources.","hear the case because it involves a potential violation of the Equal Protection Clause.","dismiss the suit because the resident lacks standing.","dismiss the suit because the resident has not exhausted all state-level legal remedies.","abstain from jurisdiction because the constitutional issue should be litigated first in a state court.","dismiss the suit because the federal court lacks jurisdiction over state legislature decisions."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1599,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. For a deed to be valid, it must be delivered with the intent to transfer ownership. In this case, Brother one did not intend for the deed to be delivered to the buyer until it was approved by their lawyer. Therefore, Brother two's delivery of the deed without Brother one's permission means that the deed was not validly delivered as to Brother one.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Two brothers owned a parcel of real estate as joint tenants. Both brothers signed a deed as grantors conveying the land to the buyer. The first brother handed the deed to the second brother with instructions to take the deed to their lawyer for approval prior to delivery. Brother two, without his brother's permission, took the deed directly to the buyer and collected the sale price. Is this a good deed as to partner one?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the deed was signed by both partners, which proved their intent to sell to buyer, and it was delivered at the time of signing by the fact of affixing their signatures to the document.","Yes, the deed is valid as the buyer was not aware of the internal agreement between the two brothers.","No, the deed is invalid as partner one did not give explicit permission for partner two to deliver the deed.","Yes, the deed is valid as partner two had the authority to finalize the deal.","No, the deed is invalid because partner two collected the sale price without partner one's consent.","Yes, the deed is valid as both brothers had signed it, signifying their agreement to the sale.","Yes, the transfer is valid from both partners because partner two was partner one's apparent agent for purposes of delivering the deed.","No, the deed was invalid as to both grantors because partner two stepped outside his scope of authority.","No, the deed cannot bind partner one because he did not participate in the deed delivery to the buyer and did not intend to deliver the deed up to the grantee at that time.","No, the deed is not valid as the lawyer did not approve it before delivery."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1600,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Eleventh Amendment generally provides immunity to states from being sued in federal court by citizens of another state or foreign country. However, this immunity does not extend to actions brought by the United States itself. Therefore, the Eleventh Amendment does not bar the United States from suing a state in federal court.\nAnswer: B","question":"A federal statute provides states with funds for child welfare programs, subject to the condition that such programs be administered in accordance with federal standards. The United States sued a state in federal court for injunctive relief, arguing that the state's child welfare programs, which were funded in part by federal funds disbursed under this statute, failed to comply with federal standards. The state has moved to dismiss the action. Is the court likely to dismiss the action?","score":1,"choices":["No, because Congress can place any condition on the receipt of federal funds.","No, because the Eleventh Amendment does not bar actions brought by the United States.","Yes, because the Eleventh Amendment bars actions against a state in federal court.","Yes, because the protection of child welfare is reserved to the states."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1601,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Eleventh Amendment generally bars suits against states in federal court, but there are exceptions. One such exception is when the United States itself brings the suit. In this case, the United States is suing the state for failing to comply with federal standards tied to federal funding. Therefore, the Eleventh Amendment does not bar this action.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A federal statute provides states with funds for child welfare programs, subject to the condition that such programs be administered in accordance with federal standards. The United States sued a state in federal court for injunctive relief, arguing that the state's child welfare programs, which were funded in part by federal funds disbursed under this statute, failed to comply with federal standards. The state has moved to dismiss the action. Is the court likely to dismiss the action?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the state has sovereign immunity under the Tenth Amendment.","Yes, because the protection of child welfare is reserved to the states.","Yes, because the state has complied with the federal standards to the best of its ability.","No, because the state has failed to meet the conditions required to receive federal funds.","No, because the federal court has the authority to enforce compliance with federal standards.","Yes, because the Eleventh Amendment bars actions against a state in federal court.","No, because the Eleventh Amendment does not bar actions brought by the United States.","No, because the federal government has the power to enforce federal standards for programs they fund.","Yes, because the court lacks jurisdiction over disputes between the federal government and a state.","No, because Congress can place any condition on the receipt of federal funds."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1602,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on eminent domain and Supreme Court decisions for help. The landmark case Kelo v. City of New London (2005) is highly relevant here. In Kelo, the Supreme Court ruled that the use of eminent domain to transfer land from one private owner to another for the purpose of economic development does qualify as a \"public use\" under the Fifth Amendment, because the economic benefits such as job creation and increased tax revenue serve a public purpose.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A city designed an economic development plan to foster downtown revitalization efforts. The city's agent got a commitment from a major business corporation to build a large research center in the targeted area, which would bring new jobs and increased tax revenue. The city brought eminent domain proceedings to free up some 200 acres of land in the selected area. Although the city successfully condemned most of the privately-owned properties, it failed to reach agreement with nine residential property owners. Those owners brought suit seeking an injunction to prevent the taking. They claimed that this was not a taking for \"public use\" as required by the takings clause of the Fifth Amendment; rather the government was taking their property to give it to a private company. The case reached the Supreme Court of the United States. What will the Supreme Court decide?","score":1,"choices":["The taking would primarily increase the business corporation's profit margins, which is insufficient to support the public use requirement.","The taking is proper because the creation of new jobs is a tangible public benefit.","The Supreme Court will not decide as it doesn't have jurisdiction over local land disputes.","The taking is improper because the property owners' rights outweigh the city's economic development plans.","The taking for economic development purposes is proper because developing the city's economy constitutes a public use.","The Supreme Court will defer to the city's judgment as to what constitutes a public use.","The taking is proper because the increase in tax revenue is a direct public benefit.","The taking is improper because the government did not negotiate with the property owners in good faith.","The taking is improper because the major benefit will go to a private company and this contradicts the public use requirement.","The taking is improper because a private industry research center is not primarily open to the public's use."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1603,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, a property owner can be held liable for injuries that occur on their property if they knew or should have known about a dangerous condition and failed to take reasonable steps to prevent harm. In this case, the owner knew about the tenant's drug-dealing activities and the associated violence, including a previous incident involving a gun being discharged. By not taking action to evict the tenant, the owner may be seen as failing to address a known danger, which could make him liable for injuries resulting from that danger.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"An owner of an apartment building in a rundown section of town knew that one of his tenants was dealing drugs from his apartment. He also knew that the tenant's actions had led to some violent confrontations in the past, including one where a gun was discharged in the hallway outside the tenant's apartment. Because the tenant regularly paid his rent on time, the owner didn't take any action to try to evict the tenant. One day, a rival drug dealer drove by the tenant's apartment and fired his gun at the tenant's front window. One of the bullets passed through the tenant's living room and went through the wall into the apartment next door. The bullet struck and injured a neighbor who occupied the adjoining apartment. If the neighbor asserts a claim against the owner to recover damages for his injury, he should","score":1,"choices":["not recover, because the owner can't be held responsible for the actions of his tenants.","recover, because the owner was aware that such danger existed because of the tenant's drug-dealing activities.","not recover, because the neighbor is outside the zone of foreseeable danger.","not recover, because the owner is not directly involved in the tenant's illegal activities.","not recover, because the owner cannot predict the actions of a rival drug dealer.","not recover, because the owner is not liable for the criminal acts of third persons.","recover, because the owner knew that the tenant was dealing drugs from his apartment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1604,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, a property owner can be held liable if they knew of a dangerous condition and failed to take reasonable steps to prevent harm. The owner knew about the tenant's drug dealing and the associated violent confrontations, yet did nothing to mitigate the risk. This creates a foreseeable danger that could result in harm to other tenants.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"An owner of an apartment building in a rundown section of town knew that one of his tenants was dealing drugs from his apartment. He also knew that the tenant's actions had led to some violent confrontations in the past, including one where a gun was discharged in the hallway outside the tenant's apartment. Because the tenant regularly paid his rent on time, the owner didn't take any action to try to evict the tenant. One day, a rival drug dealer drove by the tenant's apartment and fired his gun at the tenant's front window. One of the bullets passed through the tenant's living room and went through the wall into the apartment next door. The bullet struck and injured a neighbor who occupied the adjoining apartment. If the neighbor asserts a claim against the owner to recover damages for his injury, he should","score":1,"choices":["not recover, because the owner can't be held responsible for the actions of his tenants.","recover, because the owner was aware that such danger existed because of the tenant's drug-dealing activities.","not recover, because the neighbor is outside the zone of foreseeable danger.","not recover, because the owner is not directly involved in the tenant's illegal activities.","not recover, because the owner cannot predict the actions of a rival drug dealer.","not recover, because the owner is not liable for the criminal acts of third persons.","recover, because the owner knew that the tenant was dealing drugs from his apartment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1605,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The commerce clause allows Congress to regulate interstate commerce, but it also has a \"dormant\" aspect that restricts states from passing legislation that discriminates against or excessively burdens interstate commerce. In this case, the town's ordinance does not discriminate against out-of-state vendors specifically; it applies equally to all vendors regardless of their origin. The regulation aims to address legitimate local concerns such as congestion, safety, and security, and the impact on interstate commerce appears incidental rather than excessive.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A small town in the Northeast developed the biggest ice sculpture in the world due to a massive snow, a deep freeze, and viral coverage on the social media. Hundreds of tourists poured into the area to work on the large block of ice. They made a gigantic ice palace for a variety of Disney princesses. To handle the needs of a great number of tourists, food vendors came from all over and set up their carts. To solve the problem of congestion, safety, and insufficient security, the town passed an ordinance restricting all street vendors to a specified parking lot area. The food vendors and others were losing money under the regulation. Would a commerce clause challenge to the parking lot requirement be successful by the food stand owners?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the regulation does not discriminate against out-of-state interests and the local benefits outweigh the burdens on commerce.","Yes, because the ordinance is an unconstitutional interference with the free flow of commerce among the states.","No, because the town's ordinance is a valid exercise of police power to promote the public's safety and welfare.","No, because there is a legitimate state or local interest here which is promoted by an even-handed procedure to control the flow of traffic for public safety, and the impact on commerce is incidental.","No, because the regulation is within the town's right to control its own traffic and safety issues, regardless of the impact on commerce.","No, because the food stands do not have a significant commerce clause claim in that they are still able to sell food, and what they do does not affect interstate commerce.","Yes, because the state is interfering with the food cart owners' legitimate business operations, which impact heavily on interstate commerce.","Yes, because the ordinance restricts the food vendors' freedom to conduct business.","Yes, because the local interest is favored in a discriminatory manner against all of the food cart owners from other states.","Yes, because the regulation disproportionately affects out-of-state vendors, thus violating the commerce clause."],"correct":"D","answer":"A"}
{"number":1606,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The common-law marital privilege, also known as spousal privilege, includes two types: testimonial privilege and confidential communications privilege. Testimonial privilege allows a spouse to refuse to testify against the other spouse in a criminal trial, but this privilege typically ends upon divorce. Confidential communications privilege protects private communications made during the marriage, and this privilege survives divorce.\n\nIn this case, the wife is being asked to testify about statements made by the husband during their marriage. Since these statements were made during the marriage and are considered private communications between spouses, they are protected under the confidential communications privilege. This privilege does not require the husband's waiver and remains in effect even after divorce.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A husband and wife had been married for 10 years. The wife obtained a divorce from the husband after learnitg that he was engaging in an extramarital love affair with one of his co-workers. Following the divorce, the husband was arrested and charged with embezzling funds from his employer during a two- year period. In preparing for trial, the prosecuting attorney interviewed the wife, who stated that during their marriage, the husband admitted committing the embezzlement. This jurisdiction has adopted both the common-law marital and spousal privileges. At the husband's trial, the wife is called to testify regarding statements the husband made to her during the marriage regarding commission of the crime. Upon objection by the husband's attorney, the wife's testimony will be","score":0,"choices":["admissible, under both the marital and spousal privileges.","inadmissible, because the wife learned of the embezzlement after their divorce.","inadmissible, because the husband did not waive his right to marital or spousal privileges.","inadmissible, under either the marital or spousal privileges.","admissible, under the spousal privilege but not admitted under the marital privilege.","admissible, because the marital and spousal privileges do not apply to financial crimes.","admissible, because the embezzlement was not a crime committed against the wife.","admissible, because the wife was not an accomplice in the embezzlement.","inadmissible, because the husband's admission was a private conversation between spouses.","admissible, under the marital privilege but not admitted under the spousal privilege."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1607,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on election law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled in cases such as Anderson v. Celebrezze and Burdick v. Takushi that laws imposing significant burdens on candidates' or voters' rights must be justified by a compelling state interest. The requirement for independent candidates to gather signatures from 7% of eligible voters places a substantial burden on their ability to participate in the electoral process, which can be seen as an undue burden on their rights.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state election code provides that any political organization whose candidate received 20% or more of the vote at the most recent gubernatorial or presidential election is a political party; other political organizations are construed as political bodies. Political parties conduct primaries, and the winning candidates in each office may have their names placed on the ballot. However, nominees of political bodies or any independent candidate may only have their names placed on the ballot if they file a nominating petition signed by not less than 7% of those eligible to vote at the last election for the offices that they are seeking. The time for circulating the petition is 180 days, which is also the deadline governing party candidates in party primaries. An independent candidate, who desires to be listed on the ballot for the office of governor, challenges the constitutionality of this election law. The court will most likely declare this statute","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because it adheres to the rules of the Democratic process.","unconstitutional, because it violates the First Amendment's freedom of association.","constitutional, because it maintains the integrity of the election process.","unconstitutional, because it is a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment's due process clause.","unconstitutional, because it imposes an undue burden on the rights of political bodies and independent candidates.","unconstitutional, because it is a violation of the First and Fourteenth Amendments' rights of free speech.","constitutional, because it provides a fair opportunity for all political entities to participate.","constitutional, because the election code is nonviolative of the equal protection clause.","unconstitutional, because it restricts the rights of independent candidates.","unconstitutional, because it violates the Fifteenth Amendment's voting provisions."],"correct":"H","answer":"E"}
{"number":1608,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An offer can be terminated by rejection, counteroffer, revocation, death or incapacity of the offeror, or lapse of time. \n\n- A: This is a rejection.\n- B: This is a revocation.\n- C: This is a counteroffer.\n- D: This is merely an inquiry about terms and does not constitute a rejection or counteroffer.\n- E: Death of the offeror typically terminates the offer.\n- F: This is a rejection.\n- G: This is a counteroffer.\n- H: This is a revocation.\n- I: This is a modification and could be seen as a new offer.\n- J: Bankruptcy typically terminates the offer.\n\nThe only communication that does not terminate the original offer is D, as it is simply an inquiry about additional terms and does not reject or alter the original offer.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A contractor and home owner were bargaining on the price for the construction of a new home. The contractor made a number of offers for construction to the home owner including one for $100,000. Which of the following communications would not terminate the offer so that a subsequent acceptance could be effective","score":0,"choices":["The home owner tells the contractor they have decided to build the house themselves.","The contractor informs the home owner that the cost of materials has increased, therefore the offer needs to be renegotiated.","The home owner asks the contractor if they would be willing to build the house for $95,000.","The home owner asks the contractor if they could complete the job within six months.","The contractor dies before the home owner accepts but the contractor's son intends to continue the business.","The home owner tells the contractor they have found another contractor who will do the job for $90,000.","The home owner states \"I accept your offer but the price is to be $97,000.\"","The contractor contacts the home owner and states that the offer is withdrawn.","The contractor increases the offer to $105,000 before the homeowner can accept.","The contractor's business is declared bankrupt before the home owner can accept."],"correct":"C","answer":"D"}
{"number":1609,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The Statute of Frauds requires certain contracts, including those for the sale of real estate, to be in writing to be enforceable. In this case, the oral agreement alone is not sufficient to form a legally binding contract for the sale of the house. The seller had not signed the written offer form, and thus there was no formal acceptance of the purchaser's offer. Additionally, the check being post-dated and not yet cashed does not indicate acceptance.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A purchaser orally agreed with the seller to buy seller's house for $100,000. The purchaser gave the seller a written offer and a post-dated check for 5% of the price. Before the seller signed the offer form or deposited the check, he received an offer of his full asking price of $120,000 from another party. The seller called the purchaser and called the deal off. The purchaser sued for specific performance on the basis that the oral understanding, along with the written offer and the check, constituted an enforceable agreement. Will the purchaser likely prevail?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the check served as a form of acceptance of the offer.","Yes, because there was an oral agreement and the check for the down payment was evidence of consideration being paid.","Yes, because the seller cannot revoke an offer once a down payment has been made.","No, because the oral agreement was not legally binding without the seller's signature on the offer form.","No, because the offer was not accepted Â€Â” prior to an acceptance the seller had the right to sell to anyone.","Yes, because the written offer and check constituted a legally binding contract.","Yes, because the buyer and seller had a meeting of the minds evidenced by their oral understanding, the check and the written offer.","No, because specific performance does not apply in a residential real estate transaction.","No, because the seller had not yet cashed the check, indicating no formal acceptance of the offer.","No, because the post-dated check does not constitute a legally binding agreement."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1610,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. An implied-in-fact contract is formed by the conduct of the parties rather than explicit words. The writer sent the synopsis in response to an ad, discussed compensation with the producer's assistant, and received an assurance that they always pay for a writer's work. This conduct suggests that both parties understood there would be compensation if the idea was used.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A writer sent a four-page synopsis of an idea for a new television series to a Hollywood producer. He sent it in response to an ad for new ideas in an industry publication. He discussed it with the producer's assistant in a phone call, and mentioned his expectation of compensation. She said, \"Well, of course, we always pay for a writer's work.\" She said she would go over it with her boss to see if he liked it. Several months later, the writer saw a casting call for a new series. The plot and characters were nearly identical to those described in his synopsis. He sued the producer for breach of contract. The producer defended by arguing that there was no contract. What is the likely ruling of the court?","score":1,"choices":["The court will rule that there can be no contract as the writer didn't explicitly state his expectation for compensation for the idea itself.","The court will rule that there was an implied in fact contract between the parties based on the conduct that they manifested.","The court will rule that there was no consideration specifically mentioned and under those circumstances, the law viewed the synopsis as a gift to the producer.","The court will rule that there is an express contract because there was a meeting of the mind and mutual assent to the basic terms.","The court will rule that there was a unilateral contract, with the producer obligated to pay only if he used the idea.","The court will rule that the writer's case is invalid as there was no written agreement.","The court will rule that the producer's assistant lacked the authority to form a contract, and thus, no contract exists.","There were too many terms left out for this to be a contract, and it was too indefinite for the court to imply what the terms might have been.","The court will rule that the phone call between the writer and the producer's assistant formed a verbal contract."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1611,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on fair housing laws for help. The Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in housing based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability. Familial status includes families with children under the age of 18. The amendment prohibiting the sale of units with balconies to families with minor children constitutes discrimination based on familial status, which is prohibited under federal fair housing laws. Therefore, there is reasonable cause to believe that a violation has occurred.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A condominium development consists of two buildings, one with balconies attached to each unit, and one withno balconies. For safety concerns, the condominium association amended the covenants and restrictions toprohibit future sales of balcony units to families with minor children. The amendment did not affect families withchildren already living in balcony units. The amendment was promptly recorded. The condominium associationhad a valid covenant providing that all sales had to be approved by the association. Subsequent to the effective date of the amendment, the owner of a balcony unit contracted to sell it to a familywith minor children. Before the closing, the association told the buyers that because they had minor children,they could not buy the unit. The association further told the buyers that numerous units were available in thebuilding without balconies. After receiving this notification, the buyers complained to a fair housing agency, claiming that the amendmentwas unenforceable because it violated federal fair housing laws. Is there reasonable cause to believe that a violation has occurred?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because families with children are already living in units with balconies.","No, because the amendment was promptly recorded and is legally binding.","Yes, because families with children cannot be segregated within the condominium development.","No, because the association is acting in the best interests of child safety.","No, because families with children are allowed to purchase units in the building without balconies.","No, because the association has the right to approve all sales.","No, because the amendment is based on legitimate safety issues."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1612,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The screenwriter's promise to give 5 percent of the proceeds to her friend is made without any consideration (something of value exchanged between the parties), which is typically required for a binding contract. However, it can be seen as an assignment of future rights, given that the screenwriter is assigning a portion of her future earnings from the screenplay to her friend. Since this assignment was made without consideration, it is considered gratuitous and can generally be revoked until the rights are actually received.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A screenwriter had just finished a screenplay for a romantic comedy. After reading the screenplay, a movie studio decided to option the screenplay for production. A lawyer for the movie studio negotiated an agreement with the screenwriter whereby the movie studio would pay the screenwriter $5,000 for the rights to the screenplay, and 10 percent of the gross receipts earned by the distribution of the movie, should the studio decide to film the screenplay. Both sides signed the agreement. Two weeks later, the screenwriter was at a birthday party for a close friend when she discovered she had forgotten to purchase a gift for her friend. She quickly grabbed a piece of paper and wrote on it:\"I promise that my friend is entitled to 5 percent of the proceeds I will receive for the distribution of the movie to be made from my screenplay. \"The screenwriter then signed the paper, placed it in an envelope, and handed it to the friend. The promise to pay 5 percent of the proceeds to the friend may best be interpreted as a (an)","score":1,"choices":["conditional assignment.","non-binding agreement.","legal gift.","contractual obligation.","gratuitous assignment of future rights.","binding promise.","revocable gift.","equitable lien.","informal contract.","irrevocable assignment."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1613,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, negligence requires proof that the defendant owed a duty to the plaintiff, breached that duty, and caused damages as a result of the breach. The woman must show that the man was negligent in planting the tree so close to her property, knowing the risk of hurricanes. However, she did not produce any evidence to show that the man was negligent or that he failed to take reasonable precautions. The damage resulted from an act of God (the hurricane), which is typically not something for which individuals are held liable unless there is clear evidence of negligence.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man and a woman owned adjoining pieces of land. The man moved a giant magnolia tree from another section of his property and had it replanted on his property at a spot just 10 feet from the woman's property. At that time, the woman protested that by locating the tree so close to her land, the man was increasing the risk of injury to the woman's greenhouse, in which the woman cultivated prizewinning flowers. Hurricanes are quite common in the area. Severalyears after the replanting of the tree, in the midst ofa hurricane, the tree fell on the woman's greenhouse,destroying rare and valuable plants valued at$25,000. The woman asserted a claim against the man to recover damages for the harm caused by the tree falling on the greenhouse. During trial, the only evidence the woman presented was that the hurricane uprooted the tree, causing it to fall onto her property, and thereby resulting in the damage as claimed. At the end of the woman's case, the man moved for a directed verdict. The man's motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the woman has a right to protect her property from potential harm.","granted, because the man had not intentionally caused harm to the woman's property.","denied, because hurricanes were common in the area.","granted, because the man cannot control where a tree falls during a hurricane.","denied, because the man should have taken precautions to secure the tree during a hurricane.","granted, because the woman's damages resulted from an act of God.","granted, because the woman knew the risk of hurricanes in the area when she built her greenhouse.","denied, because the trier of fact may still infer liability for trespass.","granted, because the woman did not produce any evidence to show that the man was negligent.","denied, because the man knew the risk of planting a tree so close to the woman's property."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1614,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. A witness's mental condition does not automatically disqualify them from testifying. However, it can be relevant to their credibility. The mental condition of a witness can be used to impeach their credibility, meaning it can be brought up during cross-examination to challenge the reliability of their testimony.\nAnswer: E","question":"A plaintiff files suit in federal district court against a lawnmower manufacturer, alleging strict liability, negligent manufacture, and breach of warranty. The suit is to recover damages for injuries. suffered by the plaintiff when his gasoline-powered lawnmower exploded, while the plaintiff was mowing his front lawn. At trial, the plaintiff calls a man who witnessed the explosion to testify as an eyewitness. The witness suffers from a mental illness that affects his perception of reality. Which of the following is true regarding the witness's mental condition?","score":1,"choices":["It automatically makes his testimony unreliable","It requires special permission from the judge for him to testify","It enhances his credibility as a witness","It must not be referred to because it is unfairly prejudicial.","It maybe proved to impeach him as a witness","It can be used by the defense to dismiss the case.","It has no bearing on either his competence or his credibility.","It needs to be assessed by a medical professional before he can testify","It prevents him from being cross-examined","It disqualifies him from testifying"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1615,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. For a federal court to hear a case, the plaintiffs must have standing, which means they must have suffered an actual injury or be in immediate danger of suffering such an injury. Since the law has not yet taken effect and the plaintiffs have not yet suffered any harm, their claim is not ripe for adjudication. Ripeness ensures that courts do not get involved in abstract disagreements.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A state imposes a graduated income tax upon net income calculated under federal law. Section 22 of the city's reform act of 2010, which is to become effective on January 1, 2010, provides: \"Any parent or guardian financially responsible for the education of his ward may claim a direct tax credit against his income tax liability equal to the amount of tuition of a child or children of high school age who does not attend a public high school. \" Other provisions define \"tuition\" very broadly but limit the credit to tuition paid to schools meeting the educational requirements as determined by the state. On December 1, 2009, the parents of two students who attend a public high school in the state sue for a declaratory judgment and injunction in federal court, claiming that Section 22 violates the establishment clause of the First Amendment. The federal court will most likely","score":1,"choices":["uphold the action, because the state law discriminates against public school students.","dismiss the action, because the suit involves a political question.","uphold the action, because the plaintiffs have a valid claim under the First Amendment.","dismiss the action, because the plaintiffs have not suffered any actual harm.","dismiss the action, because the plaintiffs lack standing as taxpayers.","uphold the action, because the state law interferes with the parents' right to choose a public school.","dismiss the action, because the issues being litigated are moot.","dismiss the action, because the issues are not ripe.","dismiss the action, because the lawsuit is beyond the jurisdiction of the federal court.","dismiss the action, because the state law does not violate the establishment clause of the First Amendment."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1616,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law and the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help. The term \"FOB\" (Free On Board) at the seller's place of business means that the risk of loss passes to the buyer once the seller delivers the goods to the carrier. Since the seller fulfilled their obligation by delivering the flanges to the delivery company, the risk of loss transferred to the buyer at that point.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A buyer, located on the west coast contacted a seller, located on the east coast, about purchasing flanges that the buyer used in their manufacturing process. The parties entered into a contract whereby the seller agreed to deliver to the buyer 1,000 flanges for $10,000. The contract stipulated that it was FOB at the seller's place of business. The seller then delivered the flanges to a delivery company, which was to transport them to the buyer. While en route, the vehicle that was transporting the flanges was involved in an accident and the flanges were destroyed. When the buyer received notice of the accident, the buyer immediately contacted the seller and demanded that it ship replacement flanges. The seller refused to do so. In an action by the buyer against the seller for breach of contract, the buyer will","score":1,"choices":["succeed, because the accident happened before the goods reached the buyer.","succeed, because the risk of loss was on the seller.","not succeed, because the accident was an unforeseen event.","not succeed, because of frustration of purpose.","succeed, because the carrier was the seller's agent.","succeed, because the seller has a responsibility to ensure safe delivery of goods.","succeed, because the seller should have insured the goods.","not succeed, because the risk of loss was on the buyer."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1617,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The deed to the country club contains specific conditions and restrictions that, if violated, allow the grantor (land development company) to re-enter and terminate the estate. This indicates a fee simple subject to a condition subsequent, as it grants the land development company the right to reclaim the property if the conditions are not met.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A land development company was the owner of a400-acre tract of land in the Great Lakes region. Over the course of time, the land development company developed two residential subdivisions of the land, an eastern development and a western development, each of which contained 150 acres. These subdivisions were created by separate plats that made no reference to each other. The restrictions in the plats were, however, substantially identical. The plats and each deed provided that \"the use of the land herein conveyed is restricted to single- family dwellings only, and this covenant is intended to apply to each and every lot in the subdivision and runs with the land, binding every lot owner, his heirs, and assigns. \"After all but four lots in each subdivision had been sold by the land development company, it sold 50 acres of the remaining 100 acres of land to a country club by a deed containing the following provisions:\"This deed is executed and accepted with the understanding that the property above described is hereby restricted so that(1) said property may be used as a country club, with a golf course, pool, tennis courts, club house, eating facilities, and other improvements appropriate to a country club. (2) said property may also be subdivided and platted as a residential subdivision similar to the eastern development and the property shall thereafter be used in accordance with and conveyed subject to residential restrictions that shall conform with those restrictions in force against the eastern development. (3) the restrictions herein contained shall be deemed covenants running with the land, and for breach of any covenant herein, grantor Â€Â” land development company, its successors and assigns may, at its option, re-enter and terminate the estate conveyed hereby. \"At the time of this conveyance, the land development company retained title to the remaining 50 acres in the original 400-acre tract. Which of the following would best describe the country club's interest in the SO-acre tract that it purchased from the land development company?","score":1,"choices":["Easement appurtenant.","Fee simple subject to executory limitation.","Leasehold estate.","Fee simple absolute.","Remainder interest.","Determinable fee subject to an executory interest.","Fee simple subject to condition subsequent.","Fee simple determinable.","Life estate pur autre vie.","Fee simple defeasible."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1618,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Congress has the power to regulate interstate commerce under the Commerce Clause, which includes the authority to regulate the shipment and sale of goods across state lines. Additionally, Congress has the power to enact laws in response to public health concerns and to regulate harmful substances. Given these powers, the legislation prohibiting the shipment and sale of the contraceptive without a doctor's prescription is likely constitutional.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A pharmaceutical company manufactured a new contraceptive sponge. The pharmaceutical company initially intended for the contraceptive to be available for purchase without a doctor's prescription. However, a study by the Food and Drug Administration revealed that the contraceptive might prove harmful to some users with preexisting health problems. As a result, Congress enacted legislation prohibiting the shipment and sale of the contraceptive across state lines to those who do not have a doctor's prescription. This law is probably","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because Congresshas the power to regulate interstatecommerce.","unconstitutional, because it limits the pharmaceutical company's right to free trade.","unconstitutional, because it deprives the manufacturer a property right without just compensation.","constitutional, because it falls under Congress's power to regulate harmful substances.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the rights of those with preexisting health conditions.","constitutional, because Congress has the power to provide for the general welfare.","constitutional, because Congress has the power to enact laws in response to public health concerns.","constitutional, as Congress has the power to regulate pharmaceutical products.","unconstitutional, because it interferes with the right of privacy of contraceptive users.","unconstitutional, because it restricts the freedom of choice for contraceptive users."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1619,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Generally, evidence of a victim's prior bad acts is not admissible to prove that the victim acted in conformity with those acts on a particular occasion (propensity evidence). However, such evidence can be admissible if it is relevant to the defendant's state of mind and claim of self-defense. In this case, the teenager's knowledge of the man's past convictions could be relevant to establish her fear and reasonableness of her belief that she was in imminent danger.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A teenager shot and killed a man she said tried to attack her as she was walking home from an all night market. The teenager, 18 years old and 6 feet 3 inches tall, said a very short man placed a knife against her throat and unzipped her dress as she was walking down the street. She pulled a gun from her purse and shot him. The man died of a chest wound. Police said the man, who was 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighed 130 pounds, was an ex-felon, twice convicted of attempted rape. The teenager is charged with the murder of the man, as a result of the above described incident. At trial, the teenager wishes to offer evidence of the fact that the man was previously convicted of attempted rape. The evidence would be","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because it could bias the jury against the victim.","inadmissible, because the evidence is being used to prove propensity.","admissible, as it could be used to establish the teenager's fear of the man.","inadmissible, because it violates the Dead Man's Statute.","admissible, because it proves the man's disposition to commit rape.","admissible, because it supports the teenager's claim of self-defense.","admissible, because the victim's prior convictions would be relevant on the issue of the defendant's self-defense.","inadmissible, as it breaches the victim's right to a fair trial.","inadmissible, as it is irrelevant to the current case.","admissible, because it provides a motive for the teenager's actions."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1620,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Generally, under common law, there is no duty to rescue or assist someone in danger unless a special relationship exists (e.g., parent-child, employer-employee). The \"Good Samaritan\" laws typically protect those who voluntarily assist others from liability but do not impose a duty to act. Therefore, the shopper does not have a legal obligation to intervene unless she has a special relationship with the person in danger or directly caused the danger.\nAnswer: D","question":"A shopper in a store sees that a display case is about to fall on a second shopper's head. The shopper does nothing to warn or assist the second shopper, who is a stranger to her. She could have taken action to protect the second shopper without harming herself. Did the shopper have a duty to take action to try and protect the second shopper from injury?","score":1,"choices":["No, the shopper is not required to intervene unless she is a store employee or security personnel.","Yes, the shopper must take action under the \"Good Samaritan\" law.","Yes, the fact that a person sees that action is needed for another's aid or protection does impose a legal duty to act.","No, there is no duty for a shopper to render assistance to a stranger even if it can be done without hurting herself.","Yes, the shopper is legally obligated to intervene because she was the first person to notice the danger.","Yes, the shopper is legally obligated to intervene in any potentially harmful situation.","Yes, the shopper must take action under the \"last clear chance\" doctrine.","No, a failure to act does not and cannot result in liability under any circumstances.","No, the shopper is not required to intervene unless she has a special relationship with the person in danger.","No, the shopper has no duty to act unless she directly caused the danger."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1621,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a tenancy in common, each cotenant has an undivided interest in the property and is entitled to a share of the profits generated from it. The uncle and best friend are tenants in common, meaning they both have rights to the property's income. The majority rule on rents and profits states that a cotenant in possession who receives rent from third parties must account to the other cotenants for their share of the rent. However, a cotenant in possession does not have to share profits from their own labor or use of the land (e.g., growing and selling fruits).\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A homeowner died in 1985. His will devised his estate in a southern state to his uncle and his best friend \"to share and share alike as tenants in common. \"At the time of the homeowner's death, the uncle lived in a different part of the southern state (in which the estate was located), while the best friend resided in a northern state. After the homeowner's funeral, the uncle returned to his own residence, but the best friend decided to occupy the estate. He put his name on the mailbox and has paid the taxes and maintenance expenses. To earn extra money, the best friend rented a small house on the property to a teacher and received a monthly rental payment from her. The best friend also grew fruits on the property and sold them at a stand on Fridays. The uncle has been generally aware of this, but because he cared little about the estate, the uncle has never pressed the best friend about the property. Since 1985 the uncle has not paid any rent or other compensation to the best friend, nor has the best friend requested such payment. In January 2010, a series of disputes arose between the uncle and the best friend for the first time concerning their respective rights to the estate. The state in which the property is located recognizes the usual common law types of cotenancies and follows majority rules on rents and profits. There is no applicable legislation on the subject. The uncle brings an appropriate action for a portion of the proceeds that the best friend received from his fruit stand and a portion of the rent that the teacher paid. If the best friend contests the apportionment of the monies he received, judgment should be for whom?","score":1,"choices":["The uncle is entitled to a share of the profits from the best friend's crops, but not the rent paid by the teacher.","The best friend is entitled to all profits and rents due to his continuous possession and maintenance of the estate.","The uncle is entitled to no share of any of the monies raised because the uncle's lack of contact with the best friend will be deemed a waiver.","The uncle has forfeited all claims to the property and its profits due to his lack of interest and engagement.","The best friend is entitled to all monies raised due to his investment in the property, regardless of the uncle's claim.","The uncle is entitled to all profits and rents due to his blood relation to the deceased homeowner.","As a cotenant in possession, the best friend retains the profits from his crops, and the uncle is entitled to a share of the rent paid by the teacher.","As a cotenant in possession, the best friend retains the profits from his crops and the rents paid by the teacher.","The uncle is entitled to a share of the rent that the teacher paid and the profits from the best friend's crops.","The uncle and best friend must evenly split all profits and rents, regardless of who has been maintaining the property."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1622,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The key issue here is the chain of custody and whether the evidence can be sufficiently authenticated. The chemist's testimony about recognizing the officers' handwriting and the proper sealing and dating of the envelope provides a link in the chain of custody, which is generally considered sufficient for authentication purposes. The chemist does not need to have witnessed the seizure personally; rather, the chain of custody needs to be established to show that it is reasonably likely that the powder tested is the same as that seized from the defendant.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant is on trial for possession of heroin. During the prosecution's case-in-chief, a police officer testifies that he watched another officer seize a bag of white powder from the defendant and seal it in an envelope, which both officers initialed and dated and then placed in the police property room. The prosecutor then calls a chemist to testify that she obtained, intact from the property room, the dated, sealed envelope with the initials of both police officers, whose handwriting she recognized police officers, whose handwriting she recognized from previous experience, and that testing disclosed that the powder therein was heroin. The defendant argues that the prosecutor has not sufficiently authenticated the powder tested by the chemist as the powder that was seized from the defendant. Is the chemist's testimony admissible?","score":1,"choices":["No, unless the envelope and powder are produced in court or their absence is explained.","Yes, because the chemist's recognition of the officers' handwriting is sufficient authentication.","No, because the chemist did not personally witness the seizure of the powder.","No, because the chemist did not directly receive the envelope from the police officers.","Yes, because the powder is sufficiently identified as having come from the defendant.","Yes, because an object in official custody is self-authenticating.","Yes, because the envelope was properly sealed and initialed by the officers.","No, because the chemist lacks firsthand knowledge that the powder came from the defendant.","No, because there is no proof that the powder in the envelope is the same powder that was seized."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1623,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Evidence that a defendant needed money to defend against other burglary charges could be seen as showing a motive, but it is also highly prejudicial because it implies the defendant has a history of criminal behavior. The probative value of this evidence (showing motive) must be weighed against its potential to unfairly prejudice the jury against the defendant. Courts often exclude evidence if its prejudicial effect substantially outweighs its probative value.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with burglarizing a home. At trial, the main issue of contention centered on the identity of the burglar. The state called the homeowner to testify, but his identification testimony was inconclusive. The homeowner testified that he was asleep during the burglary and awoke as the burglar was fleeing the premises. The homeowner admitted that he didn't see the face of the burglar and couldn't even tell whether the person was male or female. Thereafter, the prosecution offers evidence that at the time of the burglary, the defendant needed money to defend himself against other burglary charges. This proffered evidence should be","score":1,"choices":["excluded, as it distracts from the main issue of identifying the burglar.","admitted as it shows the defendant's potential desperation.","excluded as it does not provide direct evidence of the defendant's involvement in the crime.","admitted without restriction as probative evidence of motive.","excluded as substantially more unfairly prejudicial than probative.","excluded as it could lead to bias against the defendant.","excluded as lacking any probative value.","admitted, but with a cautionary instruction from the judge to the jury to consider the evidence carefully.","admitted, provided the court instructs the jury to limit use of the evidence to the defendant's motive to burglarize.","admitted, provided the court instructs the jury to consider the defendant's financial status."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1624,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on product liability for help. In product liability law, strict liability can be imposed on sellers for selling an unreasonably dangerous product, even if they were not negligent. The presence of a fish hook in a sandwich is likely to be considered an unreasonably dangerous defect. Therefore, the restaurant may still be held liable under strict liability principles, regardless of whether it was negligent.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A minor child was eating a fish sandwich in a fast food restaurant when a large metal object, later identified as a fish hook, got caught in her throat. The trapped hook caused her to cough blood uncontrollably, and she was rushed to a hospital for emergency surgery. The restaurant later defended the customer's lawsuit by showing that it had done everything reasonable to eliminate foreign objects from its product and there was no negligence. Will the lawsuit be dismissed and judgment entered for the restaurant?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the restaurant should have provided a warning about potential hazards in their food.","Yes, because the child should have been supervised while eating.","Yes, because the restaurant cannot control what is in the fish they receive from suppliers.","Yes, because a customer voluntarily assumes the foreseeable risk that fish will contain metal fish hooks.","No, because even without negligence there is strict liability imposed for selling an unreasonably dangerous product.","No, because the seller did not post a warning that its fish might contain fish hooks.","Yes, because customers are expected to know that a fish sandwich will often have foreign objects in it.","No, because the restaurant should have had a procedure in place to prevent such incidents.","Yes, because the restaurant did everything reasonable to ensure the safety of their food.","No, because the restaurant should have checked each fish individually for hooks."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1625,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Battery involves intentional harmful or offensive contact, which is not present here. Assault requires an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact, which also does not apply as the boy did not intend to cause fear or harm. Negligence, however, involves a breach of duty that causes harm, and the boy's failure to ensure his arrow would not stray could be seen as negligent behavior. Therefore, the hiker could successfully assert negligence against the boy.\nAnswer: E","question":"After watching a television program about archery, a 15-year-old boy became very interested in that sport. He saved up some money to buy a bow and other archery equipment. He set up a target in his backyard in order to practice. He surrounded the target with stacks of hay bales to stop any arrows that missed the target. After practicing for a few weeks, the boy made great improvements in his technique and accuracy. While practicing one afternoon, however, the boy lost his balance just as he released an arrow. As a result, the arrow flew way off course, going over the target and all the hay bales and flying into a wooded area behind the boy's house. The boy assumed no one was in the woods, so he was relieved that the errant arrow would not hurt anyone. However, a hiker happened to be in the woods near the boy's house. As he paused for a moment to take a drink of water, the hiker suddenly saw something out of the corner of his eye. It was the stray arrow shot by the boy. Without even thinking about it, the hiker reflexively ducked out of the way. The arrow narrowly missed the hiker's head; but as the hiker ducked out of the way, his head struck the limb of a tree, causing a stick to stab painfully into his eye. Which of the following causes of action could the hiker successfully assert against the boy?","score":1,"choices":["Battery and negligence, but not assault.","Battery, but not assault.","Assault and trespass to property.","Assault, battery, and negligence.","Neither assault nor battery.","Neither assault, battery, nor negligence.","Assault and battery.","Assault, but not battery.","Trespass to property, but not assault or battery."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1626,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The state statute is a strict liability crime, meaning no particular mental state or intent is required for its violation. The key fact here is that the defendant, a 15-year-old, purchased a shotgun, which is prohibited by the statute for anyone under the age of 17. Given that strict liability applies, her lack of criminal intent or awareness of the law does not exempt her from culpability.\nAnswer: G","question":"A state has a statute prohibiting the sale of guns and ammunition to any person under the age of 17. Violation of the statute is a felony punishable by a fine of $5,000 and imprisonment for up to two years. The state courts have interpreted this statute as a public welfare offense requiring no particular mental state for its violation. As such, this is a strict liability crime whereby culpability is imposed on a defendant for doing the proscribed act. A defendant, a 15-year-old, entered the store to purchase a shotgun as a present for her father. She took a shotgun off the shelf and went to the cashier's counter to pay for it. Not seeing the cashier anywhere, the defendant left the exact price for the shotgun on the countertop and left the store. If the defendant is prosecuted for violating the state statute, she should be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, provided that the legislative intent was not to make the purchase of shotguns a criminal offense.","not guilty, if she believed the gun was a toy and not a real weapon.","not guilty, because she did not have any criminal intent when purchasing the shotgun.","guilty, because she did not wait for the cashier to handle the transaction properly.","not guilty, provided that she returns the shotgun immediately upon learning of the statute.","not guilty, provided she was unaware that the statute prohibited the sale of weapons to a person in her age group.","guilty, because she purchased the shotgun while under the statutory age.","guilty, because she left the money for the shotgun and took the gun without any supervision.","guilty, because her age alone qualifies her for the strict liability of the statute."],"correct":"A","answer":"G"}
{"number":1627,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution establishes that federal law takes precedence over state laws when there is a conflict. However, in this case, the federal legislation prohibits the shipment and sale of the pies across state lines, but it does not expressly preempt state legislation regulating the shipment and sale within the state's territory. Therefore, as long as the state statute does not conflict with federal law and is within the state's police power to protect public health and safety, it is likely constitutional.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A company created a new brand of pies. However, a study by the federal Food and Drug Administration revealed that the pies contain potentially harmful levels of nuts for some consumers with nut allergies. As a result, Congress enacted legislation prohibiting the shipment and sale of the pies across state lines. A state has a statute that regulates the shipment and sale of the pies within its territory. In light of the federal legislation prohibiting the shipment and sale of the pies across state lines, the state statute is probably","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because it is within the state's police power.","unconstitutional, because the federal law takes precedence in matters of public safety.","constitutional, because the state has a compelling interest in protecting its citizens.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the rights of the pie company.","constitutional, because Congress did not expressly preempt state legislation.","constitutional, because the state has the right to regulate all commerce within its borders.","constitutional, because Congress may not regulate an economic activity where both buyer and seller reside in the same state.","unconstitutional, because it affects interstate commerce.","unconstitutional, because the state cannot contradict federal regulations."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1628,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the Sixth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, any fact that increases the penalty for a crime beyond the prescribed statutory maximum must be submitted to a jury and proved beyond a reasonable doubt. This principle was established in the landmark Supreme Court case Apprendi v. New Jersey (2000). Therefore, for the court to impose a 10-year sentence based on the defendant's possession of a deadly weapon, it is necessary for a jury to find this fact beyond a reasonable doubt.\nAnswer: E","question":"A state statute provides that the crime of assault is generally punishable by a maximum of five years in prison. It further provides that the maximum punishment increases to 10 years in prison if the defendant possessed a deadly weapon during the assault. The statute designates the deadly weapon element as a sentencing factor. A defendant charged with assault has pleaded not guilty and has requested a jury trial. The prosecutor has announced that she will be seeking a 10- year sentence based on the defendant's alleged possession of a deadly weapon. What finding regarding the defendant's possession of a deadly weapon is necessary for the court to impose a 10-year sentence?","score":1,"choices":["A judicial finding with substantial evidence.","A judicial finding beyond a reasonable doubt.","A jury finding by admission of guilt.","A jury finding by a preponderance of the evidence.","A jury finding beyond a reasonable doubt.","A jury finding with clear and convincing evidence.","A jury finding with circumstantial evidence.","A judicial finding with clear and convincing evidence.","A judicial finding by admission of guilt.","A judicial finding by a preponderance of the evidence."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1629,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. A bill of attainder is a legislative act that singles out an individual or group for punishment without a trial. The statute revoking the insurance agent's license specifically targets her for her statement, which constitutes punishment without judicial process, making it a prohibited bill of attainder.\nAnswer: B","question":"There are 2,000 insurance agents licensed under the general licensing laws of a state. The state legislature recently passed a highly controversial bill that, inter alia, reduces \"good driver\" automobile insurance rates and prohibits price-fixing and discrimination by insurance companies. This bill passed despite a well-financed and intense lobbying effort mounted by the insurance industry. After this law was enacted, an insurance agent who is a resident of the state, was interviewed by the local newspaper and publicly stated, \"the legislature is a bunch of self-serving crooks. \" After the statement made newspaper headlines, the state legislature enacted a statute providing that \"the state insurance license of the insurance agent is henceforth revoked. \" Astonished by the legislature's action, the insurance agent, who remains unrepentant, seeks your legal advice. You should advise the insurance agent that the state statute revoking her state insurance license is","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because the legislature has the authority to regulate the insurance industry.","unconstitutional, because it is a prohibited bill of attainder.","unconstitutional, because it violates her First Amendment rights.","constitutional, because it was enacted after a public proclamation.","unconstitutional, because it is an ex post facto law.","unconstitutional, because it denies her the equal protection of the laws.","constitutional, because the legislature has the power to revoke licenses.","constitutional, because a state license is a privilege and not a right and, therefore, it is not protected by the due process clause.","unconstitutional, because it is a violation of the prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.","unconstitutional, because it is a denial of a privilege or immunity protected by Article IV."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1630,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Liquidated damages clauses are generally enforceable if they are a reasonable estimate of the actual damages that would result from a breach and not a penalty. However, in this case, the clause is based on traffic flow, which did not occur due to the city's failure to connect a road. Therefore, there were no actual damages suffered by the city due to the delay.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A contractor agreed with a city government to build it a bridge. The contractor was guilty of undue delay in getting the bridge construction finished. The contract had a liquidated damages clause that provided for a deduction from the contract price for each day of delay in completing the bridge. The formula for the deductions from the contract price was based on how much traffic flow was turned away. The city tried to deduct the damages from the contract price. The contractor, however, pointed out that the city had not yet connected a road to the bridge so that there was no traffic flow and hence no damage to the city. Will the court uphold the liquidated damages clause in favor of the city?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the city has not suffered any loss due to the delay as there was no traffic flow.","Yes, because the contractor failed to deliver on the agreed timeline, regardless of whether the city had connected a road or not.","Yes, because the contract provision for liquidated damages has been breached and the city had no obligation to connect a road.","No, because the city breached the contract by not connecting a road to the bridge.","Yes, because the bridge delays caused the city to delay finishing the road, thereby creating the need to enforce the provision for liquidated damages.","No, because the liquidated damages clause is only enforceable if there are actual damages, which there are not in this case.","Yes, because the liquidated damages clause serves to penalize the contractor for the delay, regardless of the city's actions.","No, because the city's failure to perform has frustrated the purpose of the liquidated damages clause, making liquidated damages in this case unnecessary due to no damages suffered.","Yes, because the liquidated damages clause is enforceable irrespective of the actual damages suffered."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1631,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Grand jury proceedings are typically conducted in secret (A), and not open to the public (E). They are not conducted by a judge (B), but rather by a prosecutor. The defendant does not have the right to present evidence (C) or have evidence excluded (F). There is no right to Miranda warnings (D) or counsel (H) during grand jury proceedings. The decision of a grand jury does not need to be unanimous (G), and the number of jurors can vary, but it is often more than 12 people (I).\n\nAnswer: B","question":"There is a grand jury proceeding underway for a local businessman. What is not true about grand jury proceedings?","score":0,"choices":["The proceedings are conducted in secret.","The proceedings are conducted by a judge.","The defendant has a right to present evidence.","There is a right to Miranda warnings.","The proceedings are open to the public.","There is no right to have evidence excluded.","The jury's decision must be unanimous.","There is no right to counsel.","The jury is made up of 12 people."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1632,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The utility company is being compelled to include a message in its billing statements that it does not agree with, which implicates issues of free speech and due process. The strongest grounds for challenging the city council measure would be the due process clause, as it ensures fair procedures before depriving someone of life, liberty, or property. In this case, the utility company is seeking a hearing prior to its license being revoked.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A city has granted a license to a private utility company to provide electrical service to the residents in the city. After approving the license to the utility company, the city council then passed a measure by which the utility company was required to insert in its monthly billing statements a letter from a private consumer group criticizing the high cost of electrical service. The cost of printing and mailing the monthly letter was paid entirely by the consumer group. Nonetheless, the utility company vehemently objected to having such a critical letter enclosed in their monthly billing statements. However, the city council warned the utility company that unless it complied with the directive, the city would revoke its license for electrical service. The utility company filed suit in federal court seeking a hearing prior to its license being revoked by the city council. Which of the following constitutional provisions would provide the utility company with the strongest grounds with which to challenge the city council measure?","score":1,"choices":["The establishment clause.","The supremacy clause.","The free exercise clause.","The full faith and credit clause.","The ex post facto clause.","The commerce clause.","The privileges and immunities clause of ArticleIv.","The equal protection clause.","The takings clause.","The due process clause."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1633,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Generally, assignments that substantially change the obligor's duty or risk, change the nature of the contract, transfer rights to an incapable party, cause undue hardship or loss to the obligor, reduce the value of the contract to the obligor, involve future rights from future contracts, are made without consent when required, or are not allowed by law are exceptions to assignability. The key here is identifying which option does not fit these exceptions.\n\nC. \"An assignment that continues the obligor's duty or risk\" does not fit as an exception because it implies that the assignment does not change the obligor's duty or risk, which generally would be permissible.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Third-year student is studying contracts. He has learned that generally all contractual rights may be assigned, but there are some exceptions. Which of the following is not an exception?","score":1,"choices":["An assignment that substantially changes obligor's duty or risk.","An assignment that changes the nature of the contract.","An assignment that continues the obligor's duty or risk.","An assignment that transfers rights to an incapable party.","An assignment that causes undue hardship or loss to the obligor.","An assignment that reduces the value of the contract to the obligor.","An assignment of future rights from future contracts.","An assignment that is made without the consent of the other party.","An assignment not allowed by law."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1634,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The Declaration of Covenants is a recorded document that runs with the land, meaning it applies to all subsequent owners and tenants. The librarian, as a tenant, is bound by the covenants in the lease agreement, which includes the same restrictions as those in the Declaration of Covenants. The best argument for the librarian would focus on a legal principle that might exempt them from liability despite these facts.\n\nThe rule in Spencer's Case states that covenants that are not explicitly stated to bind assigns do not run with the land unless they touch and concern the land. However, this rule typically applies to covenants related to physical conditions or improvements on the land, not use restrictions like those in this case.\n\nGiven these considerations, the best argument for the librarian would be:\nAnswer: B","question":"A housing corporation owned a tract of land. The housing corporation prepared a development plan to divide the land into 100 lots and create a residential community on the tract. The Declaration of Covenants created the homeowners' association, an administrative entity that would administer and enforce the regulations and restrictions recited among the covenants. One of the restrictions set forth in the Declaration of Covenants reads:\"There shall never at any time be erected, permitted, or maintained upon any part of the property any structure designed for or used as a saloon or place for the sale or manufacture of malt, vinous, or spirituous liquors. \"The Declaration of Covenants was duly recorded and was included in the deed taken by a teacher when he purchased lot 62 in the development. The teacher immediately recorded his deed. The teacher leased his home to a librarian for a term of one year. The lease included the same restrictions as those in the Declaration of Covenants and in the teacher's deed. The librarian immediately began to sell liquor on the premises during weekly \"after hours\" parties. The homeowners' association sues the librarian in an action for damages. Which of the following is the best argument for the librarian?","score":1,"choices":["The homeowners' association has no authority over the librarian.","The librarian is not in privity of contract with the homeowners' association.","The homeowners' association failed to notify the librarian of the restriction.","The librarian has the right to use the property as they see fit during the lease term.","The restriction is considered void due to the other commercial activities in the vicinity.","The Declaration of Covenants restriction is not legally binding.","Other lots in the immediate vicinity are used for commercial purposes.","The librarian was not aware of the Declaration of Covenants when signing the lease.","The rule in Spencer's Case prevents the librarian from being liable.","The librarian is not in privity of estate with the teacher."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1635,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help. The UCC's statute of frauds requires certain contracts for the sale of goods priced at $500 or more to be in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. However, there are exceptions, such as when both parties are merchants and a written confirmation of the contract is sent and not objected to within 10 days.\n\nIn this case, both parties are likely considered merchants under the UCC. The man's memo, although it included a term about a discount for early payment, did not fundamentally alter the terms of the contract but rather proposed an additional term. The salesperson did not object to this memo within 10 days, which under UCC Â§ 2-201(2), means that the memo can serve as sufficient confirmation of the contract.\n\nTherefore, the salesperson's defense under the statute of frauds is not valid because the man's memo serves as a written confirmation of the contract between merchants, and no timely objection was made by the salesperson.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man was the owner of the newly constructed hotel in a city. On March 15, the man received a telephone call from a salesperson who was a distributor of hotel equipment. The salesperson offered to sell the man 1,000 fire extinguishers for his hotel. The salesperson told the man that the cost of the fire extinguishers would be $35,000 (or $35 apiece), payable 90 days after delivery. The salesperson promised to have the fire extinguishers installed no later than April 15. On March 16, the man telephoned the salesperson and accepted the offer. The following day, the man mailed the following memo to the salesperson:\"Please be advised that I shall take a 15 percent discount for cash payment seven days after installation. \" The salesperson received the man's correspondence on March 20. On April 1, the salesperson sent a telegram to the man, stating: \"It's apparent we don't have an enforceable contract in effect. I will not be delivering the fire extinguishers on April 15 or any other time. \"The man brings suit against the salesperson for breach of contract. The salesperson asserts the defense of the statute of frauds under the UCC. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the salesperson's defenses?","score":0,"choices":["The salesperson's defense is valid, because the man failed to pay for the fire extinguishers within the specified 90 days.","The salesperson's defense is valid, because the man's memo was inconsistent with the terms of the salesperson's oral offer.","The salesperson's defense is valid, because the man's memo was not sufficient to indicate that a contract was formed.","The salesperson's defense is not valid, because the salesperson has breached the contract by failing to deliver the fire extinguishers on the agreed date.","The salesperson's defense is not valid, because the man's memo is considered a written contract under the UCC.","The salesperson's defense is valid, because the man's memo did not include a signature, which is required for a contract to be valid under the UCC.","The salesperson's defense is not valid, because under the UCC the statute of frauds is not applicable in agreements between merchants.","The salesperson's defense is not valid, because the man accepted the offer before the salesperson decided to terminate it.","The salesperson's defense is not valid, because the salesperson failed to respond to the man's memo within a reasonable period of time."],"correct":"C","answer":"E"}
{"number":1636,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, supervening illegality occurs when a change in the law renders the performance of a contract illegal after the contract has been formed. This typically excuses both parties from their obligations under the contract because it is no longer legal to perform the agreed-upon actions. In this case, the U.S. government's ban on the importation of cymbidiums constitutes supervening illegality, which means that neither party can be held to their original obligations under the contract.\n\nHowever, since the woman has already paid $1,000 to the distributor, she may seek restitution for this amount because the basis for this payment (the delivery and planting of the cymbidium) can no longer be fulfilled due to the supervening illegality.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A woman had spent many years converting her back yard to an authentic Japanese-style garden. Her garden had become a showplace for the neighborhood, and various civic groups and organizations frequently visited the woman's property to enjoy the beauty of the yard. Recently, the woman had read about a particular cymbidium that was native to Japan. Desiring to have one of these cymbidiums planted in her garden, she contacted a number of plant distributors, only to discover that this particular cymbidium had not yet been imported to the United States. She contacted a plant distributor, who she knew had ties to Japan, and asked if it would be possible to acquire one of these cymbidiums from Japan. After checking with local and Japanese authorities, the distributor determined that he could indeed acquire the plant for the woman. The parties then signed a contract that stated the distributor would acquire the cymbidium from a nursery in Japan, have it shipped to the United States and have it planted in the woman's garden for the price of $5,000. The distributor promised that the plant would be in place within six months, and the woman promised to pay $1,000 at the time of the execution of the contract and$4,000 when the cymbidium was planted in her garden. The woman then handed a check for $1,000 to the distributor. Two weeks later, agricultural officials discovered that a special type of beetle that attacked citrus plants had adapted to using cymbidiums for nesting purposes. The female beetle would lay eggs among the roots of the cymbidiums, and it would sometimes take up to one year for the eggs to hatch. Fearing for the safety of the citrus crops in the United States, the United States government adopted a ban on the importation of all cymbidiums grown in foreign countries. As a result, the distributor was not able to acquire the cymbidium for the woman. Which of the following best states the legal relationship at this point between the distributor the woman?","score":0,"choices":["The distributor's performance was not excused because of impossibility, and the woman can recover damages.","The distributor's performance was not excused because of the supervening illegality, and the woman can recover damages, provided she waits until the date performance was due before filing suit.","Both parties are excused from performance because of the supervening illegality, and neither can recover from the other.","The distributor's performance was excused because of impossibility, and the woman cannot seek restitution.","The distributor's performance was excused because of the supervening illegality, but the woman can seek restitution.","The distributor's performance was excused because of impossibility, but the woman can seek restitution.","Both parties are excused from performance because of the impossibility, and neither can recover from the other.","Both parties are not excused from performance because of the supervening illegality, and either can recover from the other.","The distributor's performance was not excused because of the supervening illegality, and the woman can recover damages because of the distributor's prospective inability to perform."],"correct":"F","answer":"E"}
{"number":1637,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a personal injury action, the plaintiff (customer) must generally prove that the defendant (theater) was negligent. Negligence involves showing that the theater had a duty to maintain safe premises, breached that duty, and caused injury as a result. The customer must demonstrate that the theater failed to exercise reasonable care in maintaining the seat, which led to the injury.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A seat in a movie theater collapsed, causing the customer sitting in that seat to fall to the ground and suffer a back injury. In a personal injury action by the customer against the theater, the customer will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not recover, because the customer assumed the risk by choosing to sit in the seat.","not recover, unless the customer had informed the theater about the faulty seat before the accident.","recover, only if the theater had received previous complaints about the seat.","recover, if the theater failed to put up a warning sign about the faulty seat.","recover, only if the theater had prior knowledge of the dangerous condition of the seat.","recover, only if the customer can prove the theater's negligence in maintaining the seat.","not recover, unless the theater failed to make a reasonable inspection of the seats for the safety of its customers.","not recover, because the customer did not suffer any permanent injury.","not recover, because the theater was under no obligation to inspect the premises to discover unknown dangers."],"correct":"G","answer":"F"}
{"number":1638,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Battery is defined as intentional and harmful or offensive physical contact with another person without consent. In this case, the rider's actions were unintentional and a direct result of the subway's sudden stop, which was an unforeseeable event. The rider's conduct was likely socially acceptable under the circumstances, as he was trying to avoid falling.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A rider entered a subway car at the 42nd Street station. Because all of the seats were occupied, the rider stood in the subway car and grabbed a pole to secure his balance. As the subway car was proceeding downtown, the rider glanced at a girl standing next to him. Suddenly, the subway car made an unexpected stop. The rider momentarily lost his balance and grabbed the girl around the waist (to avoid falling). Once the rider regained his balance, he removed his hands from the girl's waist and grasped the pole again. In a civil action instituted by the girl against the rider, he will most likely be found","score":1,"choices":["liable, because the rider believed that the girl consented to the contact under the circumstances.","not liable, because the rider's actions were unintentional.","not liable, because the girl did not express any discomfort at the time of contact.","not liable, because the subway's sudden stop was an unforeseeable event.","liable, as he should have found another way to secure his balance.","liable, because the rider did not apologize for the contact.","liable for battery.","not liable, because the girl was not harmed by the contact.","liable for assault.","not liable, because the rider's conduct was socially acceptable under the circumstances."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1639,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Evidence of subsequent remedial measures is generally inadmissible to prove negligence or culpable conduct under the Federal Rules of Evidence Rule 407, as it is believed that allowing such evidence would discourage parties from making improvements or repairs after an accident. This rule is based on public policy considerations to encourage safety improvements without fear of legal repercussions.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A professional football player was seriously injured when the football helmet he was wearing shattered as he was being tackled during a game. The player subsequently asserted a claim against the manufacturer of the helmet to recover damages for his injury. At trial, the player's attorney calls a former employee of the manufacturer to testify that three weeks after the player suffered his injury, the manufacturer devised a new design for its football helmets. The former employee's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because the former employee is no longer authorized to speak on behalf of the manufacturer.","admissible as an admission.","inadmissible, because of the public policy behind taking safety precautions.","admissible as evidence that the manufacturer knew the helmet was defective.","admissible, because the former employee has firsthand knowledge of the manufacturer's actions.","inadmissible, because the testimony is prejudicial to the manufacturer.","admissible as direct evidence that the player's injury was caused by the defective design of the football helmet.","inadmissible, because the testimony is hearsay.","inadmissible, because the testimony is irrelevant to the case.","admissible as circumstantial evidence that the player's injury was traceable to the defective design of the football helmet."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1641,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the First Amendment for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, including commercial speech, but there are limitations, especially concerning false or misleading statements. However, the airline could argue that its statement was based on factual data from a trusted source and that it had no intent to deceive. This defense aligns with the principle that not all false statements are unprotected by the First Amendment if made without malice or intent to deceive.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A state law imposes penalties for \"any public statement containing false or misleading information about a service or product.\" An airline falsely claimed in an advertisement that its competitor had an inferior safety record. The claim was based on erroneous information, found on the website of a nonprofit consumer advocacy group, that the airline assumed to be true. The airline was charged under the state law for making a false statement. No federal statute applies. Which of the following best supports the airline in a defense based on the First Amendment?","score":0,"choices":["The airline had no intent to deceive.","The state law is vague and unclear.","Its statement about the safety record was made without malice.","The state law violates the principle of freedom of speech.","The state law is overbroad.","The state law is a prior restraint.","The airline's statement was based on factual data from a trusted source.","The airline's statement is a form of protected commercial speech.","Its statement about the safety record was protected noncommercial speech.","The airline was exercising its right to competitive advertising."],"correct":"E","answer":"G"}
{"number":1642,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The homeowner conveyed the property to his cousin for life, with a remainder to the homeowner's heirs. This situation involves a life estate followed by a remainder interest. The Rule in Shelley's Case is a common law doctrine that converts certain future interests in property into present interests, specifically when a life estate is given to someone and the remainder is given to the heirs of that person. However, in this case, the remainder is given to the homeowner's heirs, not the cousin's heirs.\n\nThe Doctrine of Worthier Title would be most applicable here. It states that if a grantor conveys a life estate and then leaves a remainder to their own heirs, the remainder interest is void and the grantor retains a reversionary interest. This means that upon the cousin's death, the property would revert back to the homeowner or their estate.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A homeowner conveyed his property to his cousin \"for life, with remainder to (the homeowner's) heirs. \" Later, the cousin conveyed the property to a farmer \"for as long as he would continue to farm the property. \" After the cousin's death, the homeowner's heirs brought suit against the farmer to quiet title. Which common law doctrine would be most applicable in the court's determination of the ownership of the property?","score":1,"choices":["Doctrine of Lapse.","Doctrine of Life Estate Pur Autre Vie.","Doctrine of Worthier Title.","Rule in Shelley's Case.","Doctrine of Destructibility of Contingent Remainders.","Rule against Perpetuities.","Doctrine of Merger.","Rule in Wild's Case.","Rule against Remainders in the Grantees' Heirs.","Doctrine of Adverse Possession."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1643,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on legal procedures for help. The Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provide mechanisms for relief from a judgment based on new evidence or fraud. Rule 60(b) allows a party to seek relief from a final judgment under certain circumstances, including newly discovered evidence that could not have been discovered in time to move for a new trial under Rule 59(b), or fraud (whether previously called intrinsic or extrinsic), misrepresentation, or misconduct by an opposing party.\n\nGiven the scenario, the best approach would be to move for relief from the judgment on the ground that there is newly discovered evidence that the plaintiff's injuries were not permanent. This directly addresses the new evidence and its impact on the original judgment.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A plaintiff sued a defendant in federal court for injuries arising out of an accident involving the parties. The plaintiff alleged and presented evidence at trial demonstrating that her injuries had left her legs permanently paralyzed. The jury found in favor of the plaintiff and awarded her $5 million in damages. Two months after the court entered judgment, the defendant was given a videotape made that day showing the plaintiff jogging with her doctor. What is the best way for the defendant to seek relief from the judgment?","score":0,"choices":["Move to set aside the verdict based on the new evidence that contradicts the plaintiff's claims.","Move for relief from the judgment on the ground that the plaintiff's injuries were not as severe as originally presented.","Move for a new trial or in the alternative for remittitur to reduce the award in light of the shortened duration of the plaintiff's injuries.","Move for relief from the judgment on the ground that the plaintiff misled the court about her condition.","Move for relief from the judgment on the ground that there is newly discovered evidence that the plaintiff's injuries were not permanent.","Request a retrial on the basis of newly discovered evidence that could alter the verdict.","Move for relief from the judgment on the ground that the plaintiff committed a fraud in obtaining damages for permanent injuries.","Move for relief from the judgment on the ground that the judgment was based on the jury's mistaken belief that the plaintiff's injuries would be permanent.","File an appeal with the appellate court alleging that the judgment was based on false information.","Move for relief from the judgment arguing that the jury's decision was influenced by emotional rather than factual reasoning."],"correct":"G","answer":"E"}
{"number":1644,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The U.S. Constitution grants the President the power to pardon federal offenses under Article II, Section 2. This power is broad and has been interpreted by the Supreme Court as being largely unqualified and not subject to legislative limitations. Therefore, any legislation attempting to limit this power would likely be unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man committed a series of heinous crimes, including a kidnapping, that took him across state lines and violated federal law. He was convicted and received a life sentence. The felon, however, was pardoned by the President of the United States, who was a childhood friend. A great hue and cry ensued, and the talking heads on television proclaimed that legislation was needed to prevent such injustice again. Would such legislation be constitutional?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the president's power to pardon can only be limited by a constitutional amendment.","Yes, because the Supreme Court can overrule a presidential pardon.","No, because the Constitution does not allow for any limitations on the presidential pardon power.","Yes, under Article II","Yes, under Article I.","Yes, because the president's power to pardon is not unlimited according to the Supreme Court.","Yes, under the Fifth Amendment.","Yes, because Congress can put limits on the pardon power.","No. While what the president did wasn't a good idea, the Constitution expressly grants the President an unqualified power to pardon.","No, because the Constitution gives the president the absolute power to grant pardons for federal offenses."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1645,"response":"Explanation: According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, specifically Rule 51, a party must object to an error in the jury instructions before the jury retires to deliberate in order to preserve the issue for appeal. The defendant did not object after being informed that the judge would not include the contributory negligence instruction. Therefore, the defendant has not preserved the issue for appeal.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Before the close of evidence in a federal negligence trial, the defendant submitted a proposed jury instruction on contributory negligence. Before instructing the jury, the judge informed the parties of the instructions she would give, which did not include the defendant's contributory negligence instruction or any instruction on contributory negligence. Neither party objected, either then or after the judge had given the instructions. The jury after the judge had given the instructions. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, and the judge entered judgment on the verdict. The defendant would like to appeal the verdict on the ground that the judge should have instructed the jury on contributory negligence. Has the defendant preserved the issue for appeal?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the judge's failure to give the defendant's contributory negligence instruction amounted to a ruling on the instruction.","Yes, because the defendant's proposed instruction was a valid point of appeal.","No, because the defendant did not raise the issue of contributory negligence during the trial.","Yes, because the defendant submitted a proposed instruction on contributory negligence.","No, because the defendant did not reiterate the need for the instruction after it was not included.","Yes, because the judge did not give an instruction on contributory negligence.","Yes, because the defendant's proposed instruction was ignored by the judge.","No, because the defendant failed to object after the judge informed the parties of the instructions she would give."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1646,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In a notice-type statute jurisdiction, a subsequent purchaser for value who takes without notice of the prior unrecorded conveyance prevails over the prior unrecorded interest, regardless of whether the subsequent purchaser records first. \n\n1. The man conveyed the farm to his sister on February 2, but she did not record her deed immediately.\n2. The man then conveyed the farm to his friend on February 4, who recorded the deed even though he had actual knowledge of the sister's prior conveyance.\n3. The friend then conveyed the farm to the farmer on February 5. The farmer purchased without notice of the sister's conveyance and recorded his deed.\n\nSince the farmer purchased without notice of the sister's interest and recorded his deed, he would prevail under a notice-type statute.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"On February 1, a woman conveys her farm to a man, and the man duly records the conveyance. The following day, the man conveys the property to his sister; she does not record her deed. Then on February 4, the man executes an identical conveyance of the farm to a friend. The friend gives the man a check for $100,000 for the property and records the conveyance, even though he has actual knowledge of the prior conveyance to the sister. The sister, however, records her deed on February 6. The friend then conveys his interest in the farm to a farmer, who gives a purchase price of $115,000 to the friend. On February 5, the farmer purchases the farm without notice of the conveyance to the sister and duly records the deed. If the property in question was located in a state having a notice-type statute, which of the following parties would ultimately prevail?","score":1,"choices":["The man and the farmer.","The sister and the friend.","The friend.","The man.","None of the above.","The woman.","The sister.","Both the man and the friend.","The farmer.","Both the sister and the farmer."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1647,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment prohibits states from denying any person within their jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. This clause has been interpreted to mean that states cannot discriminate against non-citizens without a compelling state interest. In this case, requiring citizenship for teachers would likely be seen as discriminatory and not justified by a compelling state interest.\nAnswer: C","question":"Liang, a talented student from another country, received degrees from several universities in the United States and then decided to stay in the states to teach. Could a state law requiring citizenship for teachers prevent him from doing so?","score":0,"choices":["No, there is no compelling state interest.","Yes, because the teacher could exert too much influence.","No, because the Equal Protection Clause would protect him.","Yes, because states can regulate aliens.","Yes, because the state has the right to set its own educational policies.","Yes, because the state has an interest in ensuring that teachers understand and can teach American values.","No, because the state cannot discriminate against non-citizens.","No, because a state cannot discriminate based on nationality.","No, unless they use the rationally related to a legitimate state interest standard.","Yes, because the state can set its own employment criteria."],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1648,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, attorneys are required to conduct a reasonable inquiry into the facts and the law before filing a complaint. If an attorney files a complaint without such an inquiry, they can be sanctioned for presenting claims that are not warranted by existing law or for lacking evidentiary support. In this case, the attorney should have known that hiring a 52-year-old replacement would undermine an age discrimination claim.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A 50-year-old nurse who had been fired from his job at ahospital told his attorney, Ã’I was fired because of my age, and I want to sue the hospital.Ã“ Based on this information, the attorney filed an age discrimination complaint against the hospital in federal court. As it turned out, the hospital had hired a 52-year-old man as the nurseÃ•s replacement, a fact that rendered an age discrimination claim unavailable. The hospital responded tothe complaint by filing a motion for sanctions against thenurseÃ•s attorney. Is the court likely to grant the hospitalÃ•s motion?","score":0,"choices":["No, because sanctions are not proper against the attorney of a represented party.","Yes, because the attorney should have known that age discrimination could not be proven in this case.","No, because the hospital failed to give the attorney the chance to withdraw the complaint in advance of filing the motion with the court.","No, because the nurse's complaint was reasonable and thus cannot be sanctioned.","Yes, because the attorney did not consider the age of the replacement nurse before filing the complaint.","No, because sanctions are only proper when a complaint is filed with malicious intent.","No, because the attorney was acting in the best interests of his client.","Yes, because the nurseÃ•s complaint contained legal contentions that were not warranted by existing lawbased on the facts in this case.","Yes, because the nurseÃ•s attorney failed to conduct areasonable pre-filing inquiry.","Yes, because the hospital has the right to fire an employee without giving a reason."],"correct":"C","answer":"I"}
{"number":1649,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) for help, which governs commercial transactions in the United States. According to UCC Section 2-713, the measure of damages for non-delivery or repudiation by the seller is the difference between the market price at the time when the buyer learned of the breach and the contract price. The buyer learned of the breach on September 20 when he received the seller's letter. Therefore, the relevant market price would be that on September 20.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"On September 1, a buyer contracted to purchase10,000 widgets from a seller for $1 per widget, delivery to be made no later than September 30. On September 15, a worldwide shortage of widgets caused a steep increase in the market price for widgets, so the seller decided not to deliver the widgets to the buyer. The seller sent a letter to the buyer, stating that the widgets would not be delivered. The buyer received the seller's letter on September 20. On October 15, the buyer filed suit against the seller for breach of contract. In determining the damages to which the buyer is entitled, which of the following would be taken as the market price of widgets?","score":1,"choices":["The market price on September 15.","The market price on the date of filing the lawsuit.","The highest market price recorded between September 1 and October 15.","The average market price between September 1 and September 30.","The market price on October 15.","The market price on September 1.","The market price on September 20.","The market price on September 30.","The market price on the date the widgets were supposed to be delivered.","The market price on the date the contract was signed."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1650,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In jurisdictions where insanity is an affirmative defense, the defendant typically has the burden of production and the burden of persuasion. The burden of production means the defendant must present enough evidence to make the insanity defense a legitimate issue in the trial. The burden of persuasion means the defendant must convince the jury or judge that it is more likely than not that he was insane at the time of the crime.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A husband is charged with murder in the shooting death of his brother-in-law. In the jurisdiction in which the husband is on trial for murder, the defense of insanity is an affirmative defense. The husband pleads insanity as his defense. At trial, in order to prove his defense of insanity, the husband has","score":1,"choices":["neither the burden of production nor the burden of persuasion.","the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt.","the burden of production.","the responsibility to demonstrate a history of mental illness.","the requirement to provide substantial evidence of his insanity at the time of the crime.","the obligation to provide expert medical testimony.","the duty to prove his innocence.","the necessity to convince the jury of his mental instability.","the burden of persuasion only."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1651,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits the federal and state governments from denying a citizen the right to vote based on that citizen's \"race, color, or previous condition of servitude.\" Since the Latino American Party is excluding non-Latino members from participating in its primary, this action could be seen as racial discrimination in voting, which is proscribed by the Fifteenth Amendment.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The Latino American Party was founded and chartered in a state to promote the political power of Latino Americans. Members pledged themselves to vote only for candidates nominated by the party. At first, membership was open to any voter who pledged himself to those tenets, but after the defeats in a recent election, the Party expelled all nonLatino members upon the grounds that experience showed that only Latinos could be trusted to honor the obligation to vote only for the Party's nominees. Membership is currently confined to Latinos. In every election since, the Party's nominees have easily won election in their Congressional District. Subsequently, the Executive Committee proposes that the Party choose its own Latino candidate for governor of New Mexico in the upcoming election. It will put its slate for U. S. representatives, governor, and U. S. senator before Party members for mail ballot, along with any rival candidates who qualify for the poil. In an action by non-Latino citizens in the relevantCongressional District to enjoin the Latino AmericanParty from conducting the mail ballot primary, thefederal court will most likely","score":1,"choices":["deny relief, because the Party's primary would be private action and not subject to restriction under the Constitution.","grant relief, because the primary would be proscribed by the Thirteenth Amendment.","deny relief, because a pre-primary election is not within the scope of federal election control.","grant relief, because the primary would be proscribed by the Seventeenth Amendment.","grant relief, because the primary would be proscribed by the Fifteenth Amendment.","grant relief, because the primary would be proscribed by the First Amendment.","deny relief, because the primary would be upheld by the Nineteenth Amendment.","deny relief, because the political party has the right to choose its own members.","deny relief, because the primary would be upheld by the Tenth Amendment."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1652,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation for help. Defamation requires a false statement of fact that is published to a third party, causing damage to the plaintiff's reputation. In this case, the resident's remarks were made directly to the lawyer and not communicated to anyone else, which means they were not \"published\" in the legal sense.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A resident lived in a house across the street from a small office building. One of the offices in that building was that of a criminal defense lawyer. The resident hated the idea of the lawyer's office being close to her home. She felt that it meant dangerous criminals were coming and going in her neighborhood. The resident spent a lot of time looking out her window, trying to figure out which people going in and out of the office building were criminals, and imagining what sorts of crimes they had committed. The resident eventually decided that she needed to drive the lawyer out of the neighborhood. She made a telephone call to the lawyer and said, \"You are scum, and so are all of your clients. I know that you're conspiring to commit crimes with all those bad people you represent. The police should arrest you and put you in jail with your clients. \" The lawyer was very upset by what he heard. If the lawyer asserts a claim for defamation against the resident based on the telephone call, he will most likely","score":1,"choices":["succeed, because the resident's remarks were offensive and damaging to the lawyer's reputation.","succeed, because the lawyer found the remarks to be upsetting.","not succeed, because the resident's remarks were a matter of personal opinion rather than statements of fact.","succeed, because the resident's remarks falsely accused the lawyer of committing a crime.","not succeed, because the lawyer chose to continue his practice despite the resident's remarks.","succeed, because the resident's remarks constituted slander per Se.","not succeed, because the resident's remarks were made in a personal conversation, not in a public setting.","succeed, because the resident's remarks caused emotional distress to the lawyer.","not succeed, because the resident's remarks were not published or communicated to anyone but the plaintiff.","not succeed, because the resident has a right to express her feelings about the lawyer's profession."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1653,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, a claim for battery can be made if there is an intentional and offensive touching of another person without consent. Even though the graduate did not intend to vomit on the customer, her actions led to an offensive touching. The key issue here is whether the act was voluntary or involuntary. Since the graduate's actions were involuntary due to the effects of alcohol, it is unlikely that she would be held liable for battery.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A graduate of law school received notice that she had successfully passed the bar exam. To celebrate passing, the graduate went out with a few friends to a popular campus bar. The graduate's friend ordered a round of Hula Girls for everyone. A Hula Girl is an extremely potent alcoholic drink consisting. of 2 ounces of dry gin, 1 ounce of French vermouth, and 1 teaspoon of grenadine. After the drink is mixed, it is then served in a glass with an inverted lemon peel, which is cut at the ends to represent a grass skirt. Although the graduate had never heard of a Hula Girl, she was in a festive mood and drank it, anyway. A few minutes later, the graduate became very dizzy and attempted to stand up from the barstool. As she tried to walk to the restroom, she became nauseated and vomited over a customer sitting at a nearby table. The customer was embarrassed and greatly humiliated by the incident. If the customer asserts a claim against the graduate, the plaintiff will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the graduate should have known the effects of the drink.","not prevail, because the graduate's actions were involuntary.","prevail, because an offensive touching resulted.","prevail, because the graduate acted negligently by drinking too much.","not prevail, because the graduate also suffered as a result of the drink.","prevail, because the graduate's conduct was extreme and outrageous.","not prevail, because it was the bartender who served the drink.","not prevail, because the graduate was unaware what she was drinking.","prevail, because the graduate's actions caused emotional distress.","not prevail, because the graduate did not intend to harm the customer."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1654,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, and generally requires a warrant for searches. Consent to search can be given by someone with authority over the premises. In this case, the teenager did not have an ownership or shared occupancy interest in the premises, nor did he have the authority to consent to a search of the house. Therefore, any evidence obtained as a result of the search would likely be considered unlawfully obtained.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"Police were conducting a house-to-house search for an escaped convict. During the search, a police officer went to a home and rang the doorbell. When a teenage male opened the door, the police officer told him that a convict had escaped and asked if he had seen anyone suspicious in the neighborhood. The teenager said he hadn't but then asked the police officer to come inside to ensure the house was safe. The police officer entered the home and proceeded to look around. When he went into the kitchen, the police officer noticed a bag containing white powder on the counter. Suspecting that the bag contained narcotics, the police officer questioned the teenager as to its contents. The teenager said he didn't live in the house and had never seen it before. The police officer confiscated the bag and took the teenager to the station house for questioning, at which time it was determined that the teenager had escaped from a psychiatric hospital and had broken into the home earlier in the day. Furthermore, the results of a police lab test found that the bag contained heroin. As a result, the police issued an arrest warrant for the owner of the home. He was apprehended and charged with possession of heroin. The homeowner's attorney has filed a motion to suppress, claiming that the heroin confiscated by the police was unlawfully obtained. The motion should be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the teenager gave consent for the police officer to enter and search the home.","denied, because the police officer reasonably believed that he had permission to enter the dwelling and reasonably believed that the teenager was competent to give consent.","granted, because the teenager did not have an ownership or shared occupancy interest in the premises.","denied, because the police officer reasonably believed that he had permission to enter the dwelling.","denied, because the police officer was invited into the home by the teenager.","granted, because the police officer did not have a warrant to search the house.","granted, because the police officer did not have probable cause to search the house.","denied, because the police officer suspected that the bag contained narcotics.","granted, because the homeowner was not present during the search.","granted, because the teenager did not have the authority to consent to a search of the house."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1655,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The state statute prohibiting radar detection devices is likely to be challenged on the grounds of the commerce clause, which regulates interstate commerce. However, states have the authority to regulate activities within their own borders, especially when it comes to public safety on their roads and highways. The statute does not unduly burden interstate commerce, as it applies equally to all drivers within the state, regardless of their state of residence. Additionally, there is no federal law preempting this state regulation.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A state has a statute generally prohibiting the installation and use of radar detection devices in any motor vehicle operating on the roadways within the state. This prohibition was enacted to prevent motorists from evading radar or speed checkpoints on county and state highways. A neighboring state has no such regulation in effect. By the same token, Congress has taken no action on the matter. A resident of the neighboring state has installed a radar detection device in his automobile. While driving to visit his mother he is arrested and charged with violating the aforementioned state statute. The resident files a complaint challenging the constitutionality of the state statute. As applied to the resident, the state prohibition against the use of radar detection devices is likely to be held","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because it can be considered a reasonable restriction on the right to privacy.","unconstitutional, because it unduly burdens interstate commerce.","unconstitutional, because the state statute fails to give credit to the law of a neighboring state.","constitutional, because the commerce clause does not invalidate a state regulation relating to interstate commerce unless Congress takes express action to do so.","constitutional, because states have the power to regulate their own roads and highways.","constitutional, because it protects a legitimate state interest.","unconstitutional, because it infringes on the rights of residents of other states.","unconstitutional, because the state statute is preempted by federal law.","unconstitutional, because it violates the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against unreasonable searches and seizures."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1656,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The doctrine of impossibility or frustration of purpose can discharge a contract if an unforeseen event renders the contractual obligations impossible or fundamentally changes the nature of the performance. However, in this case, the law was passed after the lease was executed, and Sally entered into the lease without disclosing her intended use of the space. Generally, a tenant cannot be relieved from their lease obligations due to changes in law unless it was explicitly stated in the lease agreement.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Loretta Landlord owned a commercial building in a commercial strip surrounded by a residential community. One of her largest spaces was rented on a month-to-month basis at $500 per month by a dance troop which held performances in the facility. The director of the dance troop moved to New York for a starring role Off-Broadway. Unfortunately the troop was unable to find another dance director, so it folded and vacated the space. Sally Sleazy learned of the closure and decided the location would be perfect for a topless strip joint. Sally rented the space from Loretta under a two-year lease at $1,000 per month without disclosing her intended use of the space. One month after the strip joint opened, the County Commissioners passed a new law prohibiting topless strip joints in that neighborhood. Sally told Loretta the new law made it impossible to operate the business, so she was leaving. If Loretta then sued Sally for breach of the lease contract, the likely outcome is a judgment for","score":0,"choices":["Loretta, only if she can prove that Sally knew about the upcoming law change.","Loretta, if she can prove that Sally intended to breach the contract from the start.","Sally, because the change in law was beyond her control.","Sally, because the law change is a valid reason for terminating the lease.","Sally, because the law made performance of the lease contract impossible.","Sally, because the lease contract was discharged under impossibility of performance.","Loretta, only if she did not know of the use Sally intended for the space.","Loretta, because the new law was passed after the lease was executed.","Sally, because the law change made the purpose of the lease void."],"correct":"G","answer":"H"}
{"number":1657,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law enforcement jurisdiction for help. The U.S. Park Police have been granted authority to enforce laws and make arrests not only within federal park lands but also in certain circumstances outside of these areas, depending on statutory grants of authority from the various states. This means that their jurisdiction can extend beyond federal lands if state laws or agreements permit it.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A uniformed United States Park Policeman pulled over a motorist for going through a red light. The man reacted gruffly, telling the officer that he had no authority to stop him. There was a brief scuffle, and the officer issued two more charges, for disorderly conduct and failure to obey an officer. Eventually, the defendant pled guilty to the red light citation and the other two charges were dismissed. He then filed a federal court action against the park policeman in which he asserted a Bivens civil rights claim for false arrest and malicious prosecution. The first legal theory was that the park officer lacked authority to stop the plaintiff on a New York street and arrest him for a state traffic violation. He claimed that the officer was outside of his federal park land jurisdiction. Will the court likely uphold the authority of the park police under these facts?","score":1,"choices":["The U.S. Park Police officer was within his rights to make an arrest, but he had to immediately transfer the defendant to state police.","The officer was within his authority to make the arrest, but only because the defendant acted in a disorderly manner and failed to obey an officer.","Federal officers, including the U.S. Park Police, cannot make arrests for state law violations under any circumstances.","The officer's authority to make an arrest depends on the specific agreement between the federal park system and the state of New York.","The federal officer is allowed to arrest for homicide and serious felonies but cannot make traffic arrests within a state's geographical jurisdiction.","The federal officer was way outside his scope of authority and he clearly cannot make an arrest outside of the confines of the federal park systems.","All federal officers can make arrests for all criminal offenses within a state's geographical jurisdiction under the priority status of federal law and federal law officers.","The U.S. Park Police have the authority to make a warrantless arrest for a state law violation because of statutory grants of authority from the various states.","All U.S. Park Police officers have nationwide jurisdiction and can make arrests for any offenses, regardless of whether they occur on federal or state land."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1658,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, recovery for emotional distress typically requires that the plaintiff be within the \"zone of danger\" or that the defendant's conduct was directed at the plaintiff. The gang member did not know the woman was watching, so he did not intend to cause her harm. Additionally, she was not within the zone of danger as she was inside her home and not directly threatened by the gang member's actions.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A woman was seven months pregnant with her first child. One afternoon, the woman was in the kitchen of her home preparing a snack when she glanced out the window and saw a horrible crime being committed. The woman watched in horror as a local gang member pulled out a handgun and used it to shoot the victim, a member of a rival gang. The gang member did not know anyone was witnessing his act of shooting the victim. The woman watched as the victim collapsed and fell dead on her neighbor's front lawn. As a result of her shock from viewing this horrible incident, the woman suffered a miscarriage. If the woman asserts a claim against the local gang member who shot the victim, the woman will","score":1,"choices":["recover, because she suffered a physical injury, rather than just emotional harm.","not recover, because the gang member was unaware that the woman was watching.","not recover, because the woman was not the intended target of the gang member's act.","not recover, because the woman voluntarily assumed the risk by watching the crime.","not recover, because the miscarriage cannot be directly linked to the gang member's act.","recover, because the gang member acted intentionally in shooting the victim.","not recover, because the woman was not within the zone of danger.","recover, because the gang member's act was a direct cause of her miscarriage.","recover, because the gang member's act was unlawful and caused harm."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1659,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The phrase \"Jurisprudence is the eye of law\" is attributed to John Austin, a prominent legal theorist known for his work in legal positivism.\nAnswer: B","question":"Who said that â€œJurisprudence is the eye of lawâ€","score":0,"choices":["Pound","Austin","Savigny","Hart","Bentham","Dworkin","Blackstone","Laski","Kelsen","Maine"],"correct":"H","answer":"B"}
{"number":1660,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The phrase \"Jurisprudence is the eye of law\" is attributed to John Austin, a prominent legal theorist known for his work on legal positivism.\nAnswer: B","question":"Who said that â€œJurisprudence is the eye of lawâ€","score":0,"choices":["Pound","Austin","Savigny","Hart","Bentham","Dworkin","Blackstone","Laski","Kelsen","Maine"],"correct":"H","answer":"B"}
{"number":1661,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In Osman v UK (1998), the European Court of Human Rights established a test to determine whether a state has failed in its positive obligation to protect individuals from harm. The test includes: (1) if there is a real and imminent risk of death or harm, (2) the state knows or ought to have known about the risk, and (3) the state failed to take reasonable steps to prevent the harm. The requirement that \"the risk must emanate from a state agent\" is not part of the Osman test.\nAnswer: A","question":"In Osman v UK (1998), the European Court laid down a test, which can be used to apply a general positive obligation on a state. Which of the following statements is not part of the Osman test?","score":1,"choices":["The risk must emanate from a state agent","If a real and imminent risk (of death/harm)","A state should take reasonable steps to prevent death/harm occurring","A state knows or ought to have known"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1662,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on European Court of Human Rights cases for help. The Osman test is used to determine whether a state has violated its positive obligations under Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which concerns the right to life. The test includes criteria such as the state knowing or ought to have known about a real and imminent risk, and that the state should take reasonable steps to prevent harm. However, it does not require the state to eliminate all risk or provide financial compensation for potential harm.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In Osman v UK (1998), the European Court laid down a test, which can be used to apply a general positive obligation on a state. Which of the following statements is not part of the Osman test?","score":0,"choices":["The risk must be immediate and unavoidable","If a real and imminent risk (of death/harm)","The state should take unreasonable steps to prevent death/harm occurring","The risk must have been previously reported to the state","A state should take reasonable steps to prevent death/harm occurring","The state has a duty to inform the individual of the risk","The state has a responsibility to eliminate all risk","The state must provide financial compensation for any potential harm","The risk must emanate from a state agent","A state knows or ought to have known"],"correct":"I","answer":"H"}
{"number":1663,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The primary sources of international law are treaties, custom, and general principles of law. According to the Statute of the International Court of Justice (ICJ), there is no formal hierarchy among these sources; they are considered on a case-by-case basis depending on the context and specifics of the legal issue at hand.\nAnswer: J","question":"What is the relationship between the formal sources of international law?","score":1,"choices":["Treaties supersede custom","Treaties and General Principles of Law are of equal importance, but both supersede custom","General Principles of Law supersede both custom and treaties","Judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified publicists are the only sources of international law.","Judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified publicists supersede both custom and treaties","Custom and General Principles of Law are of equal importance, but both supersede treaties","There is a hierarchy, but it varies from case to case","Custom supersedes treaties","Treaties and custom are of equal importance, but General Principles of Law supersede both","There is no hierarchy between the formal sources of international law"],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1664,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. According to Article 38 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice, the primary sources of international law are treaties, international custom, and general principles of law recognized by civilized nations. There is no explicit hierarchy among these sources; they are considered complementary and can be applied depending on the context and specifics of each case.\nAnswer: J","question":"What is the relationship between the formal sources of international law?","score":1,"choices":["Treaties supersede custom","Treaties and General Principles of Law are of equal importance, but both supersede custom","General Principles of Law supersede both custom and treaties","Judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified publicists are the only sources of international law.","Judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified publicists supersede both custom and treaties","Custom and General Principles of Law are of equal importance, but both supersede treaties","There is a hierarchy, but it varies from case to case","Custom supersedes treaties","Treaties and custom are of equal importance, but General Principles of Law supersede both","There is no hierarchy between the formal sources of international law"],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1665,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. A derogation allows a state to temporarily suspend certain obligations under a treaty, typically in times of emergency or situations that threaten the state's existence. This is different from amending a treaty or withdrawing from it, and it is not about enforcement clauses or penalties for non-compliance.\nAnswer: A","question":"What is a derogation?","score":1,"choices":["A State may suspend particular rights by means of a derogation in circumstances that threaten its existence","A derogation is a process whereby a state can amend a treaty","Derogations are enforcement clauses in human rights treaties","A derogation is a mechanism that allows a state to temporarily suspend its obligations under a treaty in times of peace","A derogation refers to the ability of rights holders to bring a claim against the State for breach of an obligation","Derogations are clauses in human rights treaties that outline the penalties for non-compliance","Derogations refer to the responsibility of a state to ensure the protection of human rights within its territory","Derogations are clauses in treaties that allow a state to withdraw from the treaty","A derogation is a legal term for a state's refusal to comply with a treaty","Derogations are exemptions from particular human rights obligations contained in a treaty"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1666,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. A derogation is a mechanism that allows a state to temporarily suspend its obligations under a treaty, but typically this is allowed in times of emergency or circumstances that threaten the state's existence, not in times of peace.\nAnswer: A","question":"What is a derogation?","score":1,"choices":["A State may suspend particular rights by means of a derogation in circumstances that threaten its existence","A derogation is a process whereby a state can amend a treaty","Derogations are enforcement clauses in human rights treaties","A derogation is a mechanism that allows a state to temporarily suspend its obligations under a treaty in times of peace","A derogation refers to the ability of rights holders to bring a claim against the State for breach of an obligation","Derogations are clauses in human rights treaties that outline the penalties for non-compliance","Derogations refer to the responsibility of a state to ensure the protection of human rights within its territory","Derogations are clauses in treaties that allow a state to withdraw from the treaty","A derogation is a legal term for a state's refusal to comply with a treaty","Derogations are exemptions from particular human rights obligations contained in a treaty"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1667,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The concept of \"excusable neglect\" generally covers situations where circumstances beyond the control of the litigant prevent timely action. While assurances from a judge or agreements with opposing counsel do not typically override procedural rules, and attorney negligence is usually not considered excusable neglect, a severe personal injury that incapacitated the litigant might be considered sufficient cause.\nAnswer: C","question":"Which reason may constitute sufficient good cause or excusable neglect to enable a litigant to file a late notice of appeal past the 30-day deadline?","score":1,"choices":["The district court judge assured the litigant that the late filing would be permitted.","The litigant's original attorney neglected to file notice on time, and now the litigant has retained a new attorney to file the appeal and has also sued the former attorney for malpractice.","The litigant ran a red light causing a car crash just before the judgment was rendered, and was in the hospital for two months recovering.","Opposing counsel agreed not to object to the late notice of appeal."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1668,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 48 requires that a jury in a federal civil trial must consist of at least six jurors unless the parties stipulate otherwise. In this case, the parties' attorneys stipulated to the return of a verdict from a five-person jury. This stipulation is legally binding and overrides the requirement for at least six jurors.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man filed a federal diversity action against a bus company, seeking damages for injuries he had sustained in an accident while riding a bus owned by the company. The man demanded a jury trial. After the parties' attorneys examined the prospective jurors and exercised their challenges, six jurors and two alternate jurors were chosen. During the trial, two jurors became ill and were replaced by the alternate jurors. At the conclusion of replaced by the alternate jurors. At the conclusion of the trial, a third juror also became ill, and the court excused that juror. The parties' attorneys stipulated to the return of a verdict from a five-person jury. The jury then deliberated and returned a verdict for the company. The man timely filed a motion for a new trial, arguing that the five-person jury was not large enough to return a verdict. Should the court grant the motion?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the verdict was reached before the third juror was excused.","No, because the court properly excused the three jurors due to illness.","Yes, because there must be at least six jurors on a federal civil jury.","Yes, because there must be at least 12 jurors on a federal civil jury.","Yes, because the replacement of jurors during the trial invalidated the verdict.","Yes, because the stipulation of the attorneys cannot override federal jury size requirements.","No, because the parties stipulated to a verdict from a jury of fewer than six jurors.","No, because the illness of jurors is a valid reason for reducing the jury size.","No, because the remaining jurors were sufficient to reach a unanimous decision.","Yes, because the man was not given a fair trial due to the reduced jury size."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1669,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 48, a jury in a federal civil case must consist of at least six and no more than twelve jurors, unless the parties stipulate otherwise. In this case, the parties' attorneys stipulated to a verdict from a five-person jury. Therefore, the stipulation is valid and overrides the minimum requirement of six jurors.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A man filed a federal diversity action against a bus company, seeking damages for injuries he had sustained in an accident while riding a bus owned by the company. The man demanded a jury trial. After the parties' attorneys examined the prospective jurors and exercised their challenges, six jurors and two alternate jurors were chosen. During the trial, two jurors became ill and were replaced by the alternate jurors. At the conclusion of replaced by the alternate jurors. At the conclusion of the trial, a third juror also became ill, and the court excused that juror. The parties' attorneys stipulated to the return of a verdict from a five-person jury. The jury then deliberated and returned a verdict for the company. The man timely filed a motion for a new trial, arguing that the five-person jury was not large enough to return a verdict. Should the court grant the motion?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the verdict was reached before the third juror was excused.","No, because the court properly excused the three jurors due to illness.","Yes, because there must be at least six jurors on a federal civil jury.","Yes, because there must be at least 12 jurors on a federal civil jury.","Yes, because the replacement of jurors during the trial invalidated the verdict.","Yes, because the stipulation of the attorneys cannot override federal jury size requirements.","No, because the parties stipulated to a verdict from a jury of fewer than six jurors.","No, because the illness of jurors is a valid reason for reducing the jury size.","No, because the remaining jurors were sufficient to reach a unanimous decision.","Yes, because the man was not given a fair trial due to the reduced jury size."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1670,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The pedestrian's belief that the boys were fighting does not automatically make the older boy liable for the injury. The key issue is whether the boy acted negligently when he stumbled and fell into the pedestrian. If the boy was not negligent, then he should not be held liable for the pedestrian's injury.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A 17-year-old boy was jostling with his 12-year-old brother. A pedestrian witnessed the boy shoving his brother and mistakenly believed that they were fighting. Acting as a Good Samaritan, the pedestrian approached the boys and tried to intercede. The boy stumbled and accidentally fell into the pedestrian, knocking him to the ground. The pedestrian broke his arm as a result of the fall. If the pedestrian sues the boy to recover damages for his injury, he should","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the pedestrian reasonably believed that the boy was about to injure his brother.","prevail, based upon the doctrine of transferred intent.","not prevail, because the pedestrian assumed the risk.","not prevail, unless the boy was negligent."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1671,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Burglary typically involves breaking and entering into a building with the intent to commit a crime inside, such as theft. \n\n- In situation A, the defendant broke into a house and later took a radio, which constitutes burglary because he entered unlawfully and committed theft.\n- In situation B, the defendant did not enter the house; he only threw a brick through the window intending to harm someone inside, which does not constitute burglary.\n- In situation C, the defendant broke into a hotel room but did not commit theft or another crime inside; he only threatened someone regarding money owed, which also does not constitute burglary.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"In which of the following situations would the actions of the defendant(s) constitute a burglary?","score":0,"choices":["A defendant, seeking shelter from a severe snowstorm, broke into a house. When he awoke the next morning, the defendant noticed a transistor radio, which he put into his pocket before fleeing the house.","A defendant was walking past a home when he saw the homeowner sitting in a chair near the window. Angered at the homeowner for stealing his former girlfriend, the defendant picked up a large brick that was lying nearby and hurled it through the window, intending to kill the homeowner.","Late one evening as a guest was registering ata hotel, a defendant noticed that the guest wasa guy who owed him money from a bet. Afterthe guest had retired to his room, the defendantbroke into his room and threatened him regarding the money he was owed."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1672,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Burglary typically involves unlawfully entering a building with the intent to commit a crime inside, usually theft. \n\n- A: The defendant entered his own house, so it does not constitute burglary.\n- B: The defendant broke into a house and later took a radio, which constitutes burglary as he committed theft after unlawful entry.\n- C: The defendant broke in to add artwork, not to commit a crime like theft or vandalism, so it does not constitute burglary.\n- D: The defendant entered the yard to retrieve a ball, not to commit a crime inside the house, so it does not constitute burglary.\n- E: The defendant intended to harm the homeowner but did not enter the house, so it does not constitute burglary.\n- F: The defendant mistakenly entered the wrong house without intent to commit a crime, so it does not constitute burglary.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"In which of the following situations would the actions of the defendant(s) constitute a burglary?","score":0,"choices":["A defendant, having lost his keys, broke a window to enter his own house.","A defendant, seeking shelter from a severe snowstorm, broke into a house. When he awoke the next morning, the defendant noticed a transistor radio, which he put into his pocket before fleeing the house.","A defendant broke into a museum at night, not to steal, but to add his own artwork to the exhibition.","A defendant, in an attempt to retrieve a ball that had accidentally been thrown into a neighbor's yard, climbed over the fence and entered the yard.","A defendant was walking past a home when he saw the homeowner sitting in a chair near the window. Angered at the homeowner for stealing his former girlfriend, the defendant picked up a large brick that was lying nearby and hurled it through the window, intending to kill the homeowner.","A defendant, under the influence of alcohol, mistakenly entered the wrong house believing it was his own and fell asleep on the couch."],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1673,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The commerce clause grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the states, which can include the flow of news as it crosses state lines and impacts interstate commerce. While the supremacy clause (B) is true, it does not provide the basis for enacting new legislation but rather establishes the hierarchy of laws. The First and Fourteenth Amendments (C) protect free speech, but they do not specifically grant Congress the power to enact this type of legislation. Article I, Section 8 (D) pertains to intellectual property rights and is not directly relevant to protecting journalists' sources.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Several states have enacted laws shielding reporters from being compelled to release the names of confidential sources. Now, Congress, under intense lobbying pressure from the press, proposes to enact legislation forbidding any state from requiring journalists to reveal the sources of their news articles in civil suits. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument in support of this proposed law?","score":1,"choices":["Congress has the authority under the commerce clause to regulate the flow of news.","Acts of Congress are the supreme law of the land and take precedence over any conflicting state laws.","Congress is essentially reaffirming the free speech guarantees of the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","Under Article I, Section 8, Congress has the authority to secure to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1674,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The commerce clause allows Congress to regulate activities that have a substantial effect on interstate commerce. News and journalism often cross state lines, and the flow of information is crucial for interstate commerce. Therefore, Congress could argue that regulating the confidentiality of sources impacts interstate commerce.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Several states have enacted laws shielding reporters from being compelled to release the names of confidential sources. Now, Congress, under intense lobbying pressure from the press, proposes to enact legislation forbidding any state from requiring journalists to reveal the sources of their news articles in civil suits. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument in support of this proposed law?","score":1,"choices":["Under the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress has the power to ensure equal protection under the law, including for journalists.","Under Article I, Section 8, Congress has the authority to secure to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.","The proposed law is supported by the Necessary and Proper Clause, allowing Congress to make laws needed to exercise its authority.","The Sixth Amendment's right to a fair trial could be compromised if journalists are forced to reveal their sources.","Congress has the authority under the commerce clause to regulate the flow of news.","Congress is essentially reaffirming the free speech guarantees of the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","The Freedom of Information Act gives Congress the authority to protect the confidentiality of sources.","Under Article III, Congress has the authority to make exceptions to the rules of evidence in the federal courts.","Acts of Congress are the supreme law of the land and take precedence over any conflicting state laws.","The Tenth Amendment allows Congress to create such laws when the states are unable to do so effectively."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1675,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery and involuntary servitude, except as punishment for a crime. Section 2 of the Thirteenth Amendment gives Congress the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. This provision has been interpreted to allow Congress to address the \"badges and incidents\" of slavery, which includes racial discrimination in various contexts, including housing.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Congress recently enacted a statute that prohibits racial discrimination in the sale, transfer, or rental of real estate, either privately or publicly. Which of the following constitutional provisions would provide the best rationale for the enactment of this federal statute?","score":1,"choices":["The commerce clause of Article I.","The enforcement provision of Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment.","Under Article I, Congress has the power to enact laws that are \"necessary and proper\" to the general welfare.","The enforcement provision of Section 1 of the Nineteenth Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The enforcement provision of Section 2 of the Fifteenth Amendment.","The enforcement provision of Section 2 of the Thirteenth Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The due process clause of the Fifth Amendment.","The supremacy clause of Article VI."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1676,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery and involuntary servitude, except as punishment for a crime, and Section 2 of the Thirteenth Amendment gives Congress the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. This has been interpreted to allow Congress to pass laws eliminating the \"badges and incidents\" of slavery, which includes racial discrimination in housing.\nAnswer: G","question":"Congress recently enacted a statute that prohibits racial discrimination in the sale, transfer, or rental of real estate, either privately or publicly. Which of the following constitutional provisions would provide the best rationale for the enactment of this federal statute?","score":1,"choices":["The commerce clause of Article I.","The enforcement provision of Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment.","Under Article I, Congress has the power to enact laws that are \"necessary and proper\" to the general welfare.","The enforcement provision of Section 1 of the Nineteenth Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The enforcement provision of Section 2 of the Fifteenth Amendment.","The enforcement provision of Section 2 of the Thirteenth Amendment.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The due process clause of the Fifth Amendment.","The supremacy clause of Article VI."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1677,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence cases, the key elements are duty of care, breach of that duty, causation, and damages. The appliance store had a duty of care to ensure the safety of pedestrians around their loading/unloading area. The lack of warning signs or barriers could be seen as a breach of that duty. Even though the pedestrian was not in the immediate unloading area, the tremor caused by the store's actions led to his injury. This suggests a chain of causation that could be considered foreseeable.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An appliance store was using part of a public alley to unload its trucks. There were no warning signs keeping pedestrians out or warning of unloading trucks. A pedestrian walked through the general vicinity but he avoided the unloading area. One of the workers pulled the wrong lever and a load of commercial refrigerators crashed into the street, causing a rumbling tremor in the road. The tremor caused a heavy box to fall off of a parked truck that was about 30 yards away from the loading dock. It fell on the pedestrian, causing serious injury. The pedestrian sued the appliance store for negligence, and the store defended on the basis that it could not foresee such an accident and that the tremor and the box that fell were superseding acts. Will the pedestrian likely survive the store's motion to dismiss pedestrian's lawsuit for damages.","score":1,"choices":["No, the accident was caused by a worker's mistake, not a lack of warning signs or barriers.","No, because the plaintiff in effect became a trespasser when he walked into a dangerous loading/unloading area.","Yes, the appliance store has a duty of care to ensure the safety of pedestrians around their loading/unloading area.","Yes, the appliance store was negligent in not having the proper warning signs or barriers to prevent such accidents.","Yes, the store's negligence in operating their loading dock caused a dangerous situation that led to the pedestrian's injury.","No, because the pedestrian was beyond the immediate danger area and the store could not have predicted the box falling from a separate truck.","No, the plaintiff clearly assumed the risk by entering a dangerous loading/unloading area.","Yes, because the plaintiff pedestrian had a right to be where he was and there were no signs telling him otherwise.","No, the accident was a result of a series of unforeseeable events and not directly due to the store's actions.","Yes, because the chain of causation was generally foreseeable in that it was a logical consequence of a truckload of appliances falling violently onto the road."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1678,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence cases, the key elements are duty of care, breach of that duty, causation, and damages. The appliance store had a duty of care to ensure the safety of pedestrians around their loading/unloading area. The lack of warning signs or barriers could be seen as a breach of that duty. Even though the pedestrian was not in the immediate unloading area, the tremor caused by the worker's mistake led to the injury. The chain of causation might be considered foreseeable because it was a logical consequence of the worker's error.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An appliance store was using part of a public alley to unload its trucks. There were no warning signs keeping pedestrians out or warning of unloading trucks. A pedestrian walked through the general vicinity but he avoided the unloading area. One of the workers pulled the wrong lever and a load of commercial refrigerators crashed into the street, causing a rumbling tremor in the road. The tremor caused a heavy box to fall off of a parked truck that was about 30 yards away from the loading dock. It fell on the pedestrian, causing serious injury. The pedestrian sued the appliance store for negligence, and the store defended on the basis that it could not foresee such an accident and that the tremor and the box that fell were superseding acts. Will the pedestrian likely survive the store's motion to dismiss pedestrian's lawsuit for damages.","score":1,"choices":["No, the accident was caused by a worker's mistake, not a lack of warning signs or barriers.","No, because the plaintiff in effect became a trespasser when he walked into a dangerous loading/unloading area.","Yes, the appliance store has a duty of care to ensure the safety of pedestrians around their loading/unloading area.","Yes, the appliance store was negligent in not having the proper warning signs or barriers to prevent such accidents.","Yes, the store's negligence in operating their loading dock caused a dangerous situation that led to the pedestrian's injury.","No, because the pedestrian was beyond the immediate danger area and the store could not have predicted the box falling from a separate truck.","No, the plaintiff clearly assumed the risk by entering a dangerous loading/unloading area.","Yes, because the plaintiff pedestrian had a right to be where he was and there were no signs telling him otherwise.","No, the accident was a result of a series of unforeseeable events and not directly due to the store's actions.","Yes, because the chain of causation was generally foreseeable in that it was a logical consequence of a truckload of appliances falling violently onto the road."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1679,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Dead Man's Statute generally prevents parties with an interest in the litigation from testifying about communications or transactions with the deceased. However, the clerk is not a party with an interest in the litigation, so the Dead Man's Statute does not apply here. The clerk's testimony about the testator signing the hotel register as \"Mr. and Mrs. Testator\" can be considered an exception to the hearsay rule for statements of personal or family history, which includes statements concerning relationships and family status.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A testator died and through his will gave his entire estate to charity, but the gift failed because the will was executed 10 days prior to the testator's death. A man then filed a claim against the estate, alleging that he was the son and heir of the testator. At the trial on the man's claim, the man was unable to produce any proof of a ceremonial marriage, but established the following by undisputed evidence: (a) that his mother and the testator had cohabited for a number of years; and (b) that his mother had predeceased the testator by one day. Assume that this jurisdiction has a relevant Dead Man's Statute in effect. At trial, the man's attorney called a clerk at a winter resort hotel. The clerk testified that the testator and the man's mother had come to the hotel for many years and he often saw the testator sign the hotel register as \"Mr. and Mrs. Testator. \"The trial court should rule the clerk's testimony","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, under the Dead Man's Statute.","inadmissible, because it is a violation of the testator's privacy.","admissible as a pedigree exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible, as it falls under the exception to the hearsay rule for statements of personal or family history.","admissible, because it provides evidence of the couple's public recognition as husband and wife.","inadmissible, because the clerk's testimony is not the best evidence.","inadmissible, because the clerk's testimony is considered hearsay.","admissible, as it provides evidence of a common law marriage.","admissible, because the clerk had personal knowledge of the matter.","inadmissible, as the hotel register is not a legal document establishing marriage."],"correct":"I","answer":"D"}
{"number":1680,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Dead Man's Statute typically prevents parties with an interest in the litigation from testifying about communications or transactions with the deceased. However, the clerk is not a party with an interest in the litigation and is providing testimony based on his personal observations, which is generally admissible. The testimony falls under the exception to the hearsay rule for statements of personal or family history, as it pertains to the relationship between the testator and the man's mother.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A testator died and through his will gave his entire estate to charity, but the gift failed because the will was executed 10 days prior to the testator's death. A man then filed a claim against the estate, alleging that he was the son and heir of the testator. At the trial on the man's claim, the man was unable to produce any proof of a ceremonial marriage, but established the following by undisputed evidence: (a) that his mother and the testator had cohabited for a number of years; and (b) that his mother had predeceased the testator by one day. Assume that this jurisdiction has a relevant Dead Man's Statute in effect. At trial, the man's attorney called a clerk at a winter resort hotel. The clerk testified that the testator and the man's mother had come to the hotel for many years and he often saw the testator sign the hotel register as \"Mr. and Mrs. Testator. \"The trial court should rule the clerk's testimony","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, under the Dead Man's Statute.","inadmissible, because it is a violation of the testator's privacy.","admissible as a pedigree exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible, as it falls under the exception to the hearsay rule for statements of personal or family history.","admissible, because it provides evidence of the couple's public recognition as husband and wife.","inadmissible, because the clerk's testimony is not the best evidence.","inadmissible, because the clerk's testimony is considered hearsay.","admissible, as it provides evidence of a common law marriage.","admissible, because the clerk had personal knowledge of the matter.","inadmissible, as the hotel register is not a legal document establishing marriage."],"correct":"I","answer":"D"}
{"number":1681,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. For a claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED), the plaintiff must show that the defendant's conduct was extreme and outrageous, that it was intended to cause or recklessly disregarded the likelihood of causing emotional distress, and that it did indeed cause severe emotional distress. The security guard's actions were intentionally frightening and harmful, which led to the barber's heart attack.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A security guard had a license to carry a concealed handgun. One day, he was walking past a barber shop when he saw his friend inside getting a haircut. The security guard knew that the barber, an elderly man, had a history of significant heart problems. The security guard decided to play a joke on his friend. The security guard took out his gun, burst through the door of the barber shop, pointed the gun at the friend, and shouted, \"Don't move or I'll shoot!\" The barber, thinking that an armed intruder was about to shoot the friend, suffered a heart attack and collapsed. If the barber brings suit against the security guard for infliction of emotional distress and seeks recovery for damages arising from the heart attack, he should","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the security guard knew the barber was present.","not prevail, because the security guard did not physically harm the barber.","not prevail, because the barber was not a member of the friend's immediate family.","not prevail, because the barber had a pre-existing health condition.","prevail, because the security guard's actions were intentionally frightening and harmful.","prevail, because the security guard assaulted the friend.","prevail, because the security guard's actions were negligent and reckless.","prevail, because the security guard's actions caused the barber severe emotional distress.","not prevail, because the resulting harm was unforeseeable.","not prevail, because the security guard didn't directly target the barber."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1682,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) and common law for help. The UCC governs transactions involving the sale of goods, while common law governs contracts for services. When a contract involves both goods and services, courts often use the \"predominant purpose\" test to determine which body of law applies. In this case, Connie's purchase included both a laptop (goods) and a service agreement. \n\nThe predominant purpose test looks at the primary reason for entering into the contract. If the primary reason was the purchase of the laptop, then the UCC would apply. If it was primarily for the service agreement, then common law would apply.\n\nGiven that Connie purchased a $1,000 laptop and a $1,200 service agreement, it is likely that the court will consider both aspects but may lean towards the goods portion as predominant because it initiated the transaction.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Connie Computer decided to purchase a $1,000 laptop computer to use during law school. When she went into Computer Retailer Inc., the salesperson also sold her a 5-year service agreement for $1,200 for a total price of $2,200. Nine months later, the laptop stopped working and Computer Retailer refused to perform on their service agreement. If Connie sues Computer Retailer, the trial court will likely find for","score":1,"choices":["Connie, under the common law because the predominate purpose for which the parties contracted was the sale of goods.","Connie, under the UCC only if the predominate reason for entering into the contract was for the goods portion of the contract.","Connie, under the UCC unless the predominate purpose of the agreement was for the service agreement portion of the contract.","Computer Retailer, if the court determines that the predominate purpose of the agreement is determined by intent and not the relative dollars assigned to the computer and the service agreement."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1683,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) governs transactions involving goods, while common law governs service contracts. When a contract involves both goods and services, courts often use the \"predominant purpose\" test to determine which body of law applies. In this case, Connie purchased a laptop (a good) and a service agreement. The total price was $2,200, with $1,200 allocated to the service agreement. The predominant purpose of the contract appears to be the sale of goods (the laptop), as it is a significant part of the transaction.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Connie Computer decided to purchase a $1,000 laptop computer to use during law school. When she went into Computer Retailer Inc., the salesperson also sold her a 5-year service agreement for $1,200 for a total price of $2,200. Nine months later, the laptop stopped working and Computer Retailer refused to perform on their service agreement. If Connie sues Computer Retailer, the trial court will likely find for","score":1,"choices":["Computer Retailer, under the UCC unless the predominate reason for entering into the contract was for the service portion of the contract.","Connie, under the UCC unless the predominate purpose of the agreement was for the service agreement portion of the contract.","Connie, under the common law unless the predominate reason for entering into the contract was for the service portion of the contract.","Computer Retailer, only if the court determines that the predominate purpose of the contract was for the goods portion of the contract.","Connie, under the common law because the predominate purpose for which the parties contracted was the sale of goods.","Computer Retailer, if the court determines that the predominate purpose of the agreement is determined by intent and not the relative dollars assigned to the computer and the service agreement.","Connie, under the UCC only if the predominate reason for entering into the contract was for the goods portion of the contract.","Computer Retailer, under the common law if the court determines that the predominate purpose of the agreement was for the service agreement portion of the contract.","Connie, if the court determines that the predominate purpose of the agreement is determined by the relative dollars assigned to the computer and the service agreement.","Computer Retailer, if the court determines that the service agreement was not a significant part of the contract."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1684,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In the context of landlord-tenant relationships, privity of estate exists between the landlord and the tenant, and it continues with any assignee of the lease. However, in a sublease, the original tenant retains some interest in the property and thus privity of estate does not exist between the landlord and the sublessee. Privity of contract also remains between the landlord and the original tenant, not extending to the sublessee.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A landlord was the owner of a two-story dwelling house and leased it completely furnished to a tenant for a 10-year period. Two years after the tenant entered into the leasehold agreement with the landlord, he subleases the house to his cousin. Thereafter, the cousin defaults on the rental payments. If the landlord brings an action to recover the past rent due from the cousin, the landlord will:","score":1,"choices":["recover, because pnvity of estate exists between a landlord and sublessee.","recover, because there is privity of contract between a landlord and sublessee.","recover, because there is both privity of estate and privity of contract between a landlord and sublessee.","not recover, because privity of estate does not exist between the landlord and sublessee."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1685,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. In a sublease, the original tenant retains some interest in the property and the sublessee does not have a direct contractual relationship (privity of contract) with the landlord. The landlord's relationship remains with the original tenant, who is still responsible for the rent. Therefore, there is no privity of contract or privity of estate between the landlord and the sublessee.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A landlord was the owner of a two-story dwelling house and leased it completely furnished to a tenant for a 10-year period. Two years after the tenant entered into the leasehold agreement with the landlord, he subleases the house to his cousin. Thereafter, the cousin defaults on the rental payments. If the landlord brings an action to recover the past rent due from the cousin, the landlord will:","score":1,"choices":["not recover, because privity of estate does not exist between the landlord and sublessee.","recover, because the landlord is the original owner of the house.","not recover, because the landlord did not approve the sublease agreement.","recover, because there is privity of contract between a landlord and sublessee.","not recover, because there is no privity of contract between the landlord and sublessee.","recover, because there is both privity of estate and privity of contract between a landlord and sublessee.","not recover, because the original tenant is responsible for the rent, not the sublessee.","recover, because there is privity of estate and privity of contract between the landlord and the original tenant.","recover, because the landlord has a right to payment from any tenant occupying the property.","recover, because pnvity of estate exists between a landlord and sublessee."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1686,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In cases of partial condemnation, the lessee (tenant) is often entitled to a reduction in rent proportional to the loss of use of the property. This is known as \"apportionment of rent.\" The cousin, as the current lessee, would argue that the value of his leasehold interest has been reduced due to the condemnation of part of the property for highway construction.\n\nHowever, it is important to note that the original lease agreement and any subsequent assignments must be honored unless there is a specific provision that addresses changes due to eminent domain. Given that the lease was silent on this issue and considering general principles of property law, the cousin should be entitled to an apportionment of rent due to the partial taking by eminent domain.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A property owner who owner her property in fee simple leased a three-story house and the 21 -acre tract upon which it stood to a friend for a term of 10 years. By the terms of the lease, the friend expressly covenanted to pay a monthly rental of $300 and to pay the taxes on the premises during the term of the lease. The lease also stipulated that the friend, as lessee, may not assign or sublease the said premises. The friend and his family lived in the house for two years. Then the friend assigned his leasehold interest in the property to a cousin, who was unaware of the prohibition against assignments. This written assignment expressly provided that the cousin would pay the owner the monthly rental of $300, but was silent concerning the payment of taxes. The owner never objected to this assignment. Six months after the assignment, the owner conveyed her property interest in the premises to a developer. During the cousin's tenancy, the State Highway Authority filed proceedings to condemn two acres of the tract for the purpose of highway construction. As a result, the cousin contacted the developer and informed him that he should be entitled to an apportioned reduction in the rental. After the developer refused to reduce the rent, the cousin brings an action to have his rent apportioned pro tanto. Judgment should be for","score":0,"choices":["the developer, although the cousin would be entitled to terminate the lease.","the developer, because the cousin would be held to the original leasehold contract.","the cousin, because the value of his leasehold interest was reduced pro tanto.","the cousin, because eminent domain operates as an apportionment of rent."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1687,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. When a portion of leased property is condemned for public use, the lessee (tenant) is typically entitled to a reduction in rent proportional to the value of the part taken. This principle is known as \"apportionment of rent.\" The cousin, as the assignee of the lease, steps into the shoes of the original lessee and inherits both the benefits and burdens of the lease. Therefore, if part of the property was condemned, the cousin would be entitled to a reduction in rent.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A property owner who owner her property in fee simple leased a three-story house and the 21 -acre tract upon which it stood to a friend for a term of 10 years. By the terms of the lease, the friend expressly covenanted to pay a monthly rental of $300 and to pay the taxes on the premises during the term of the lease. The lease also stipulated that the friend, as lessee, may not assign or sublease the said premises. The friend and his family lived in the house for two years. Then the friend assigned his leasehold interest in the property to a cousin, who was unaware of the prohibition against assignments. This written assignment expressly provided that the cousin would pay the owner the monthly rental of $300, but was silent concerning the payment of taxes. The owner never objected to this assignment. Six months after the assignment, the owner conveyed her property interest in the premises to a developer. During the cousin's tenancy, the State Highway Authority filed proceedings to condemn two acres of the tract for the purpose of highway construction. As a result, the cousin contacted the developer and informed him that he should be entitled to an apportioned reduction in the rental. After the developer refused to reduce the rent, the cousin brings an action to have his rent apportioned pro tanto. Judgment should be for","score":0,"choices":["the cousin, because eminent domain operates as an apportionment of rent.","the developer, because the cousin would be held to the original leasehold contract.","the developer, because the cousin was not a party to the original lease agreement.","the cousin, because the friend violated the terms of the lease by assigning it without permission.","the cousin, because the developer did not have the authority to refuse a rent reduction.","the developer, as the prohibition against assignments was not known by the cousin.","the cousin, because the condemnation proceedings effectively changed the terms of the lease.","the developer, although the cousin would be entitled to terminate the lease.","the cousin, because the value of his leasehold interest was reduced pro tanto.","the developer, because the cousin failed to pay the taxes as stipulated in the original lease."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1688,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Invasion of privacy claims typically involve situations where private facts are disclosed without consent, or where someone is placed in a false light. However, public figures, especially those who willingly participate in public activities and protests, have a reduced expectation of privacy. The professor's involvement in a highly visible political protest and his prior public statements make him a public figure. Public figures have less protection against comments made about them in the context of their public actions.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A professor employed by a state university is a well- known critic of foreign policy and has sometimes publicly stated that he wished for the United States to suffer some collective political tragedy in retribution for all the harms it does to the world. The professor was recently involved in a highly visible political protest against the government. The police eventually shut down the protest because they felt that it was becoming unruly. A television crew covered the entire rally. On the six o'clock news that evening, the film of the protest rally was shown during the broadcast. A news anchorman then made the following commentary: \"It's a shame that public funds are spent to pay the salaries of such university professors, who are not grateful for what this country has done for them. In my opinion, these people like the professor should be deported. \"If the professor asserts a claim based on invasion of privacy against the television station and the anchorman for his television commentary, the most likely result is that the professor will","score":0,"choices":["not prevail, because the professor willingly participated in the public protest.","prevail, because the anchorman's comments were excessive and unnecessary.","not prevail, because the comments were based on the professor's public actions and statements.","not prevail, because the criticism was not directed at the professor personally.","prevail, because the comments were intrusive and violated the professor's privacy.","prevail, because the professor, as a private individual, was placed in a false light.","prevail, because the comments were defamatory and damaged the professor's reputation.","not prevail, because the professor's public behavior and statements made him a public figure.","prevail, because the comments were made with actual malice.","not prevail, because the broadcast was privileged as being in the public interest."],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":1689,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The professor willingly participated in a public protest, which was covered by the media. Public figures, especially those who voluntarily place themselves in the public eye, have a reduced expectation of privacy. Additionally, the commentary made by the anchorman was based on the professor's public actions and statements. Therefore, it is unlikely that the professor would prevail in an invasion of privacy claim.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A professor employed by a state university is a well- known critic of foreign policy and has sometimes publicly stated that he wished for the United States to suffer some collective political tragedy in retribution for all the harms it does to the world. The professor was recently involved in a highly visible political protest against the government. The police eventually shut down the protest because they felt that it was becoming unruly. A television crew covered the entire rally. On the six o'clock news that evening, the film of the protest rally was shown during the broadcast. A news anchorman then made the following commentary: \"It's a shame that public funds are spent to pay the salaries of such university professors, who are not grateful for what this country has done for them. In my opinion, these people like the professor should be deported. \"If the professor asserts a claim based on invasion of privacy against the television station and the anchorman for his television commentary, the most likely result is that the professor will","score":0,"choices":["not prevail, because the professor willingly participated in the public protest.","prevail, because the anchorman's comments were excessive and unnecessary.","not prevail, because the comments were based on the professor's public actions and statements.","not prevail, because the criticism was not directed at the professor personally.","prevail, because the comments were intrusive and violated the professor's privacy.","prevail, because the professor, as a private individual, was placed in a false light.","prevail, because the comments were defamatory and damaged the professor's reputation.","not prevail, because the professor's public behavior and statements made him a public figure.","prevail, because the comments were made with actual malice.","not prevail, because the broadcast was privileged as being in the public interest."],"correct":"J","answer":"A"}
{"number":1690,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law and criminal procedure for help. The Sixth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to self-representation, as established in the landmark case Faretta v. California. The defendant clearly expressed his desire to represent himself, and the judge's refusal to allow this violated his constitutional rights. Additionally, the reimbursement order for legal fees may be problematic if it was imposed without proper consideration of the defendant's indigent status and ability to pay.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A riot broke out in a city, and many shops had been looted and some had been burned during the riots. Goods of all kinds were in piles or strewn about the sidewalk. During the riot, a defendant was walking along the street when he paused in front of an appliance store. He picked up a portable television set that was lying on the sidewalk and started to walk off quickly. A police officer who was standing in front of the shop rushed after the defendant and arrested him. The defendant, an indigent, was charged with grand larceny, a felony carrying the maximum penalty of seven months imprisonment and a S 1,000 fine. At his arraignment, the judge advised the defendant of his right to have counsel appointed for him. The defendant, however, told the judge that he wanted to represent himself and waive his right to a jury trial. The judge then questioned the defendant at length about his demands. The defendant indicated that he had no previous legal experience. He told the judge that the reason he didn't want a court-appointed attorney to represent him was because he didn't trust lawyers. The judge did not find the defendant's reasons for representing himself to be persuasive and appointed an attorney to represent him. Thereafter, an attorney was appointed by the court to represent the defendant. The attorney told the court that the defendant wanted a non-jury trial. However, at the prosecution's request, the court impaneled a jury. The defendant was subsequently convicted by the jury and sentenced to six months imprisonment. In addition, the defendant was ordered to reimburse the state $450 to cover the cost of his attorney. This reimbursement order was made pursuant to a relevant statute in effect at the time of the defendant's arrest. The defendant appeals both the conviction and the reimbursement order. The appellate court should","score":1,"choices":["affirm both the conviction and the reimbursement order.","affirm the conviction because the defendant was provided with an attorney, but reverse the reimbursement order.","reverse both the conviction and the reimbursement order because the defendant was not properly informed of his rights.","reverse the conviction because the defendant was not informed of the consequences of waiving his right to a jury trial, but affirm the reimbursement order.","reverse the conviction because the defendant was not allowed to represent himself, but affirm the reimbursement order.","affirm the conviction, but not the reimbursement order.","reverse both the conviction and the reimbursement order because the defendant was denied the right to represent himself.","reverse the reimbursement order because it exceeds the maximum fine for grand larceny, but affirm the conviction.","affirm the reimbursement order, but not the conviction.","reverse the conviction because he was denied the right to a non-jury trial, but not the reimbursement order."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1691,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Sixth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to a fair trial, which includes the right to self-representation and the right to a jury trial. In this case, the defendant explicitly expressed his desire to represent himself and waive his right to a jury trial. The judge's decision to appoint an attorney against the defendant's wishes and the court's decision to impanel a jury despite the defendant's request for a non-jury trial both violate these constitutional rights.\n\nAdditionally, the reimbursement order for the cost of the attorney appointed against the defendant's wishes is problematic because it imposes a financial burden on the defendant for a service he did not want or request.\n\nTherefore, both the conviction and the reimbursement order should be reversed because the defendant was denied his constitutional rights to self-representation and a non-jury trial.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A riot broke out in a city, and many shops had been looted and some had been burned during the riots. Goods of all kinds were in piles or strewn about the sidewalk. During the riot, a defendant was walking along the street when he paused in front of an appliance store. He picked up a portable television set that was lying on the sidewalk and started to walk off quickly. A police officer who was standing in front of the shop rushed after the defendant and arrested him. The defendant, an indigent, was charged with grand larceny, a felony carrying the maximum penalty of seven months imprisonment and a S 1,000 fine. At his arraignment, the judge advised the defendant of his right to have counsel appointed for him. The defendant, however, told the judge that he wanted to represent himself and waive his right to a jury trial. The judge then questioned the defendant at length about his demands. The defendant indicated that he had no previous legal experience. He told the judge that the reason he didn't want a court-appointed attorney to represent him was because he didn't trust lawyers. The judge did not find the defendant's reasons for representing himself to be persuasive and appointed an attorney to represent him. Thereafter, an attorney was appointed by the court to represent the defendant. The attorney told the court that the defendant wanted a non-jury trial. However, at the prosecution's request, the court impaneled a jury. The defendant was subsequently convicted by the jury and sentenced to six months imprisonment. In addition, the defendant was ordered to reimburse the state $450 to cover the cost of his attorney. This reimbursement order was made pursuant to a relevant statute in effect at the time of the defendant's arrest. The defendant appeals both the conviction and the reimbursement order. The appellate court should","score":1,"choices":["affirm both the conviction and the reimbursement order.","affirm the conviction because the defendant was provided with an attorney, but reverse the reimbursement order.","reverse both the conviction and the reimbursement order because the defendant was not properly informed of his rights.","reverse the conviction because the defendant was not informed of the consequences of waiving his right to a jury trial, but affirm the reimbursement order.","reverse the conviction because the defendant was not allowed to represent himself, but affirm the reimbursement order.","affirm the conviction, but not the reimbursement order.","reverse both the conviction and the reimbursement order because the defendant was denied the right to represent himself.","reverse the reimbursement order because it exceeds the maximum fine for grand larceny, but affirm the conviction.","affirm the reimbursement order, but not the conviction.","reverse the conviction because he was denied the right to a non-jury trial, but not the reimbursement order."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1692,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The power of eminent domain allows the government to take private property for public use, provided there is just compensation. This power can be delegated to private entities if the purpose is public in nature, such as developing a state recreational area. The Fifth Amendment, incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment, does not require payment prior to condemnation but does require just compensation.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A corporation under the authority of a state statute sued to have condemned 1,000 acres of forested land owned by a timber company, which it planned to develop for use as a state recreational area. After a hearing, the state court ordered possession of the land surrendered to the corporation, upon deposit in court of a sum deemed adequate to cover damages that might be awarded. The timber company immediately commenced an action to enjoin the court-ordered sale of their property. Which of the following would be the best ground for upholding the state court's order?","score":1,"choices":["The power of eminent domain may only be delegated directly to a private enterprise for a public related use or activity.","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated to a public authority through a legislative determination.","The injured party has not proved such irreparable injury to use as amounts to a \"taking. \"","The Fifth Amendment's power of eminent domain incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment as applicable to the states does not require that payment be made prior to condemnation of the property."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1693,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on eminent domain for help. The Fifth Amendment allows the government to take private property for public use, provided just compensation is given. This power can be delegated to private entities if the use is public. The key issue here is whether the state statute authorizes the corporation to use eminent domain for a public purpose, which in this case is developing a state recreational area.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A corporation under the authority of a state statute sued to have condemned 1,000 acres of forested land owned by a timber company, which it planned to develop for use as a state recreational area. After a hearing, the state court ordered possession of the land surrendered to the corporation, upon deposit in court of a sum deemed adequate to cover damages that might be awarded. The timber company immediately commenced an action to enjoin the court-ordered sale of their property. Which of the following would be the best ground for upholding the state court's order?","score":1,"choices":["The power of eminent domain may only be delegated to a public authority through a legislative determination.","The Fifth Amendment's power of eminent domain incorporated by the Fourteenth Amendment as applicable to the states does not require that payment be made prior to condemnation of the property.","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated to a private enterprise for a non-public related use or activity.","The corporation has not demonstrated that the recreational area is a necessity.","The power of eminent domain may only be delegated directly to a private enterprise for a public related use or activity.","The corporation has not provided adequate compensation for the land.","The power of eminent domain may only be used for non-commercial purposes.","The injured party has not proved such irreparable injury to use as amounts to a \"taking. \"","The corporation is not authorized to use the power of eminent domain under state statute.","The corporation has not followed due process in obtaining the land."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1694,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The butler's testimony about what the wealthy man said regarding the woman's paternity is hearsay because it is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. Hearsay is generally inadmissible unless it falls under an exception. The \"pedigree exception\" to the hearsay rule allows statements concerning family history, such as paternity, to be admissible. Therefore, the butler's testimony about the wealthy man's statement could be admissible under this exception.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A year ago, a very wealthy man died in a car accident. A woman, whose mother worked as a secretary to the wealthy man for years, filed a claim against the estate, alleging that she was the wealthy man's daughter. At trial, the woman's attorney called the wealthy man's butler to testify. The butler testified that it was Common knowledge in the household that the wealthy man and the woman's mother were having an affair. The butler also testified that the wealthy man had often confided in him and told him shortly after the woman's birth that the woman was the wealthy man's daughter. Upon objection by the attorney for the executor of the wealthy man's estate, the court will most likely","score":1,"choices":["sustain the objection because the butler's testimony is considered privileged communication and is therefore inadmissible.","overrule the objection because the butler's testimony would be relevant to the ultimate issue in the case.","sustain the objection because the butler's testimony would be considered gossip and not admissible in court.","sustain the objection bc butler's testimony would be violative of hearsay rule.","overrule the objection because the butler's testimony is considered a statement against interest and is therefore admissible.","overrule the objection because the butler's testimony qualifies under the exception to the hearsay rule for statements made for purposes of medical diagnosis or treatment.","sustain the objection because the butler's testimony would be in violation of attorney-client privilege.","overrule the objection because the butler's testimony would be admissible as an exception to the hearsay rule under the dying declaration doctrine.","overrule objection because the butler's testimony would qualify under the pedigree exception to the hearsay rule.","sustain, bc butler's testimony would be violative of Dead man's statute."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1695,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Battery is an intentional tort that requires harmful or offensive contact with another person. The doctrine of transferred intent applies here, meaning that the intent to harm one person (the manager) transfers to the actual victim (the customer). Therefore, the man can be held liable for battery against the customer even though he did not intend to hit the customer.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man decided to stop at a drive-through hamburger stand for a late snack. As he drove up to the drive- through line, the manager of the hamburger stand informed him through the intercom system that the restaurant was closing and no further orders would be accepted. She told the man that the last car to be served was the one directly in front of him. The man became angry and yelled into the intercom machine, \"Listen, babe, I am hungry. I want two cheeseburgers, a large order of fries, and a Coke. \" The manager retorted, \"I'm terribly sorry, but we cannot accept your order. \"Shortly thereafter, the manager handed the food order to the passengers in the car immediately in front of the man's. When the man saw the manager serving that car, he became very angry, drove his automobile up to the service window and shouted at the manager, \"You can't do this to me. \" When the manager laughed, the man suddenly reached into the car's glove compartment and pulled out a gun. He aimed at the manager and fired the weapon, intending to hit her. The bullet missed the manager but hit a customer, wounding him in the head. In an action by the customer against the man for battery, the customer will be","score":1,"choices":["successful, because the man caused harm with his actions, regardless of his intent.","unsuccessful, because the man was not aiming at the customer.","unsuccessful, because the manager could have prevented the situation by accepting the man's order.","successful, because the man was acting recklessly and created a dangerous situation.","unsuccessful, because the man could not foresee that the bullet would hit anyone other than the manager.","unsuccessful, because the man was provoked by the manager's refusal to serve him.","unsuccessful, because the man did not intend to shoot the customer.","successful, because there was a \"substantial certainty\" that the customer would be hit by the bullet.","successful, because the man intended to shoot the manager.","successful, because the bullet from the man's gun directly caused the customer's injury."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1696,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In tort law, specifically in the context of battery, intent to harm one person but causing harm to another can still result in liability under the doctrine of \"transferred intent.\" The man intended to shoot the manager, but his action resulted in harm to the customer. This transferred intent makes him liable for battery against the customer.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A man decided to stop at a drive-through hamburger stand for a late snack. As he drove up to the drive- through line, the manager of the hamburger stand informed him through the intercom system that the restaurant was closing and no further orders would be accepted. She told the man that the last car to be served was the one directly in front of him. The man became angry and yelled into the intercom machine, \"Listen, babe, I am hungry. I want two cheeseburgers, a large order of fries, and a Coke. \" The manager retorted, \"I'm terribly sorry, but we cannot accept your order. \"Shortly thereafter, the manager handed the food order to the passengers in the car immediately in front of the man's. When the man saw the manager serving that car, he became very angry, drove his automobile up to the service window and shouted at the manager, \"You can't do this to me. \" When the manager laughed, the man suddenly reached into the car's glove compartment and pulled out a gun. He aimed at the manager and fired the weapon, intending to hit her. The bullet missed the manager but hit a customer, wounding him in the head. In an action by the customer against the man for battery, the customer will be","score":1,"choices":["successful, because the man caused harm with his actions, regardless of his intent.","unsuccessful, because the man was not aiming at the customer.","unsuccessful, because the manager could have prevented the situation by accepting the man's order.","successful, because the man was acting recklessly and created a dangerous situation.","unsuccessful, because the man could not foresee that the bullet would hit anyone other than the manager.","unsuccessful, because the man was provoked by the manager's refusal to serve him.","unsuccessful, because the man did not intend to shoot the customer.","successful, because there was a \"substantial certainty\" that the customer would be hit by the bullet.","successful, because the man intended to shoot the manager.","successful, because the bullet from the man's gun directly caused the customer's injury."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1697,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on warranties for help. The situation describes a product that is unfit, defective, and unsafe for its ordinary purposes. The term that best fits this description is the \"Warranty of Merchantability,\" which implies that goods should be of average acceptable quality and generally fit for the purpose for which such goods are used.\nAnswer: C","question":"Buyer purchases an item from a merchant that turns out to be unfit, defective and unsafe for its ordinary purposes. Assuming no other warranties, which of the following can be invoked by the buyer?","score":1,"choices":["Warranty of title","Implied warranty","Warranty of merchantability","Warranty of suitability","Warranty of non-infringement","Warranty of fitness for a particular purpose","Warranty of durability","Express warranty","Warranty of safety","Warranty of quality"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1698,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on warranties for help. The implied warranty of merchantability is a legal doctrine that ensures that goods sold by a merchant are fit for the ordinary purposes for which such goods are used. This warranty is automatically assumed in sales transactions unless explicitly disclaimed. Given that the item is unfit, defective, and unsafe for its ordinary purposes, the buyer can invoke the implied warranty of merchantability.\nAnswer: C","question":"Buyer purchases an item from a merchant that turns out to be unfit, defective and unsafe for its ordinary purposes. Assuming no other warranties, which of the following can be invoked by the buyer?","score":1,"choices":["Warranty of title","Implied warranty","Warranty of merchantability","Warranty of suitability","Warranty of non-infringement","Warranty of fitness for a particular purpose","Warranty of durability","Express warranty","Warranty of safety","Warranty of quality"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1699,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the adjuster's actions could be considered as infliction of emotional distress. Intentional infliction of emotional distress (IIED) requires that the defendant's conduct be outrageous and extreme, and that it causes severe emotional distress to the plaintiff. The adjuster's repeated harassment and knowingly providing false information could be seen as outrageous conduct. Additionally, the parents' emotional distress from being misled about their legal rights and pressured into accepting a low settlement offer could be considered severe.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A circus operates in a rural part of the county. It is the circus's practice to finish each day's entertainment by discharging a so-called aerial bomb into the sky. After exploding, the aerial bomb emits a spectacular rainbow fireworks display that is seen for miles around. One afternoon, a 10-year-old boy and a few friends went to the fairgrounds to see the circus. After paying their admission, they were about to enter the \"big top\" when the boy came upon an aerial bomb lying on the ground. Ignorant of what the object really was, but in an exploratory mood, the boy applied a match to the fuse of the fireworks device. It exploded and seriously injured the boy. After the accident, and before the parents of the boy had retained a lawyer, the adjuster for the circus's insurance carrier contacted the parents several times, trying to negotiate a settlement of their claim against the circus. On each occasion, the adjuster told the parents there was no need for them to hire an attorney because the applicable civil code did not provide for recovery in such a situation. The adjuster was aware that this information was blatantly false. He also warned the parents that unless they accepted his offered settlement of $5,000, they would receive nothing. For over a month, the adjuster continued to harass the parents. Outraged by the adjuster's actions, the parents sought the advice of a neighbor who recommended that they consult an attorney. The parents went ahead and retained a lawyer who subsequently negotiated a $250,000 settlement with the adjuster's insurance company for the claims relating to the boy's injury from the aerial bomb. If the parents assert a claim against the adjuster to recover damages for infliction of emotional distress, they will","score":0,"choices":["not recover, because the adjuster's actions were part of his job duties.","recover, because the adjuster's actions constituted harassment.","not recover, because the parents took the advice of a neighbor and consulted an attorney.","not recover, because the parents did not suffer emotional distress that was severe.","not recover, because the parents eventually received a $250,000 settlement from the adjuster's insurance company.","recover, because the adjuster provided false information to the parents.","not recover, because the adjuster's actions did not directly cause the boy's injury."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1701,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Cross-examination is generally limited to the scope of direct examination and matters affecting the credibility of the witness. The areas of questioning that are most relevant to the case at hand include those that directly relate to the accident, the witness's credibility, and any potential bias or motive to lie. \n\nQuestions about the plaintiff's injuries (G) and the defendant's past record of traffic violations (H) are not directly related to the witness's testimony about the accident or his opinion on the defendant's truthfulness, so they would be beyond the proper scope of cross-examination.\n\nHowever, among these options, questioning about the plaintiff's injuries (G) is most likely beyond the proper scope because it does not relate to either the witness's testimony about how the accident occurred or his opinion on the defendant's truthfulness.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"At trial in an action for personal injuries suffered in a traffic accident, the plaintiff first calls the defendant as an adverse party. The plaintiff then calls a witness who was a passenger in the plaintiff's car but who also happens to be the defendant's former employer. On direct examination, the witness testifies to how the accident occurred and also expresses his opinion that the defendant is not a truthful person. Which one of the following areas of questioning is most likely to be held beyond the proper scope of cross-examination?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant recently filed an action against the witness for breach of contract.","The witness has been involved in similar traffic accidents before.","The witness and the defendant have a personal dispute unrelated to the traffic accident.","In letters to prospective employers, the witness has described the defendant as very honest and dependable.","The witness has been falsifying his income tax returns.","The witness has previously perjured himself in court.","The plaintiff's injuries were not as serious as the plaintiff is claiming.","The defendant has a past record of traffic violations.","The witness was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident.","The defendant is planning to sue the witness for defamation."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1702,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statute of limitations is a law that sets the maximum time after an event within which legal proceedings may be initiated. In this case, the state statute of limitations for professional malpractice is three years. Since the mistake was discovered in 2004 and Gordon is suing in 2005, the best defense Albert can assert is that the statute of limitations has run out.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Albert Attorney was a solo practitioner in Littletown who operated a general law practice. In 1990, Albert drafted a document for a client's estate plan that unfortunately violated the rule against perpetuities. Upon the testator's death in 2004, the mistake was discovered. Because of the error, the estate plan was not admitted to probate so the assets were distributed under the state intestacy statute. Gordon Greedy was named as a substantial taker under the estate plan, but did not take under the intestate statute since he was not a relative. The state statute of limitations for professional malpractice is three years. If Gordon sues Albert for professional malpractice in 2005, the best defense Albert can assert is","score":0,"choices":["Albert did not intentionally make the mistake in the estate plan.","The statute of limitations has run, so Gordon's lawsuit is not timely.","Gordon was not an eligible taker under the estate plan.","The error in the estate plan was due to a change in legislation.","The rule against perpetuities is too complicated for the average lawyer in the locality of Littletown to understand.","Albert Attorney was not practicing at the time of the testator's death.","Albert was not aware of the mistake until the testator's death.","The legal fee for the original estate plan was never paid.","Gordon Greedy was not a direct client of Albert Attorney.","Gordon Greedy was not a relative and therefore cannot sue for professional malpractice."],"correct":"C","answer":"B"}
{"number":1703,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The commerce clause generally prohibits states from enacting legislation that discriminates against or excessively burdens interstate commerce. However, there is an exception known as the \"market participant\" doctrine, which allows a state to prefer its own citizens in dealing with government-owned businesses and in spending its own funds. If the state is using its own taxpayer funds to purchase construction materials and hire labor, it can argue that it is acting as a market participant rather than a regulator of commerce.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute that provides no person or company may be awarded any state construction contract unless the person or company agrees to hire only citizens of the state. The primary purpose of the statute is to help alleviate the state's high rate of unemployment. Which of the following, if established, is the strongest argument in support of the statute if it is attacked as violating the commerce clause?","score":1,"choices":["If the state uses its own taxpayer funds to purchase construction materials, it is responsible for creating demand for the required labor.","The state has the highest unemployment rate in the country.","The statute was overwhelmingly adopted by the voters of the state.","The statute will increase the state's overall economic productivity.","The statute was enacted in response to a major construction company hiring out-of-state workers for a large project.","The statute will encourage more citizens to gain skills in the construction industry.","The statute will help racial minorities living in the state obtain gainful employment.","The statute will promote local businesses and stimulate economic growth within the state.","The statute will ensure that the benefits of state contracts stay within the state.","The statute will discourage out-of-state companies from taking advantage of the state's resources."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1704,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The commerce clause restricts states from enacting legislation that discriminates against or excessively burdens interstate commerce. However, there is an exception known as the \"market participant\" doctrine, which allows a state to prefer its own citizens in dealing with government-owned businesses and in spending its own funds. Therefore, the strongest argument in support of the statute would be that the state is using its own taxpayer funds to purchase construction materials and thus can dictate the terms of employment for those contracts.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute that provides no person or company may be awarded any state construction contract unless the person or company agrees to hire only citizens of the state. The primary purpose of the statute is to help alleviate the state's high rate of unemployment. Which of the following, if established, is the strongest argument in support of the statute if it is attacked as violating the commerce clause?","score":1,"choices":["If the state uses its own taxpayer funds to purchase construction materials, it is responsible for creating demand for the required labor.","The state has the highest unemployment rate in the country.","The statute was overwhelmingly adopted by the voters of the state.","The statute will increase the state's overall economic productivity.","The statute was enacted in response to a major construction company hiring out-of-state workers for a large project.","The statute will encourage more citizens to gain skills in the construction industry.","The statute will help racial minorities living in the state obtain gainful employment.","The statute will promote local businesses and stimulate economic growth within the state.","The statute will ensure that the benefits of state contracts stay within the state.","The statute will discourage out-of-state companies from taking advantage of the state's resources."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1705,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the Fourth Amendment and case law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, typically requiring a warrant based on probable cause. However, there are exceptions to this requirement, one of which is exigent circumstances where obtaining a warrant is impractical due to an immediate need to prevent escape or destruction of evidence. Given the context of the crime and the limited access off the island, the police had probable cause and exigent circumstances to search the vehicle without a warrant.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The police received a report that women dressed as superheroes had robbed a man in his house and stolen many of his valuables. The only way onto or off the island where he lived was a ferry. The last ferry was getting ready to leave for the night when the report came in to the police. Without attempting to get a warrant, the police stopped all the cars waiting for the ferry. In one vehicle, the police noticed three women fidgeting rather nervously. Upon searching their auto, the police found the victim's stolen property hidden under the front seat. The defendants were immediately placed under arrest. At their trial for armed robbery, the defendants move to suppress the use of the property confiscated by the police as evidence. Their motion should be","score":0,"choices":["granted, because the police did not have specific evidence linking the women to the crime before searching their car.","denied, because the police had probable cause to search their car and, under the circumstances, no warrant was required.","granted, because the police violated the women's Fourth Amendment rights by searching their car without a warrant.","denied, because the police had the right to search any vehicle in the vicinity of a reported crime.","denied, because the situation constituted an exception to the warrant requirement due to exigent circumstances.","granted, because the police did not have a warrant and also did not have reasonable suspicion to search their car.","granted, because the police did not have a warrant to search their car.","denied, because the police had the right to stop and search vehicles at the ferry terminal due to the public safety risk.","granted, because the police did not have probable cause to suspect that their car contained evidence of the crime.","denied, because even though the detention was unlawful, the police had reasonable suspicion to believe that their car contained evidence of the crime since they observed the women fidgeting nervously."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1706,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The ex post facto clause prohibits the government from enacting laws that retroactively change the legal consequences of actions that were committed before the enactment of the law. In this case, the defendant was charged with a crime that occurred before the new law requiring a majority vote was enacted. Applying this new law to his trial would be a retroactive application, which is prohibited by the ex post facto clause.\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant was charged with murder. The killing took place on February 1. At the time that the crime occurred, this jurisdiction required a unanimous verdict of all 12 jury members for a conviction on a capital offense. On November 1, the state legislature enacted a new law requiring a majority vote of seven of 12 jurors to convict on a capital offense. The defendant's trial began on December 1. He was subsequently convicted of murder by an eight- to-four vote. Following the trial, the defendant's attorney filed a motion to set aside the verdict. Which of the following would provide the strongest constitutional grounds to overturn the verdict?","score":1,"choices":["The Seventh Amendment right to a trial by jury.","The Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","The ex post facto clause.","The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.","The Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures.","The Sixth Amendment right to a fair trial.","The Eighth Amendment prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.","The First Amendment right to freedom of speech.","The contracts clause."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1707,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether the oral agreement or the written contract governs the situation. The Parol Evidence Rule generally prevents the introduction of evidence of prior or contemporaneous oral agreements that would alter or contradict the terms of a written contract. However, if additional services were verbally agreed upon after the written contract was signed, this could be considered a modification to the original contract.\n\nIn this case, the woman verbally agreed to the additional work when the mechanic called her about the worn belt. This verbal agreement can be seen as a modification to the original contract, and thus she should cover the additional costs.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A woman took her car to a mechanic to be serviced. After doing a thorough inspection of the car, the mechanic told the woman that her car needed extensive work and that he could do all that was needed for $1,000. The parties then entered into a written contract to have the car serviced for $1,000. As the woman remembers it, at the time the written contract was formed, the parties orally agreed that if the car required any additional servicing above that detailed in the contract, it would be included in the $1,000 fee. The mechanic, however, has no recollection of any such oral agreement. While servicing the car, the mechanic discovered that a belt was severel' worn and need to be replaced. The belt replacement was not listed as work to be performed in the written contract. The mechanic telephoned the woman and told her he had found the worn belt and felt he should replace it. The woman told him to do so. When the mechanic was finished, he presented the woman with a bill for $1,100, representing the $1,000 called for by the contract and $100 for the replacement of the worn belt, which is a reasonable amount. The woman refused to pay any more than$1,000. The mechanic sued the woman to collect the $100 for the replacement of the worn belt. If the court rules in favor of the mechanic, which of the following is the most likely cause for such a ruling?","score":0,"choices":["The mechanic had a legal obligation to replace the worn belt in order to ensure the car's safety.","The parties entered into a collateral oral agreement for the replacement of the worn belt that was excludable from the integrated writing.","The written contract was not specific about what services were included in the $1,000 fee.","The mechanic performed an action beyond the agreed contract and hence has the right to additional compensation.","An implied-in-law contract was created at the moment the mechanic replaced the worn belt.","The woman verbally agreed to the extra work and therefore should cover the additional costs.","The oral agreement was not legally binding as it was not included in the written contract.","The writing was construed as a complete integration of the parties' agreement.","The writing was construed as a partial integration of the parties' agreement.","The mechanic could reasonably assume that the woman would want the worn belt replaced."],"correct":"H","answer":"F"}
{"number":1708,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The key issue here is whether the classmate was negligent or otherwise legally responsible for the damage to the car. Since the damage was caused by a third party and not due to any fault of the classmate, the classmate would generally not be held liable for the damage under standard principles of tort law. The fact that the classmate used the car for an illegal purpose or was under the influence of marijuana does not directly relate to the cause of the damage in this scenario.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A student lent his classmate his car to attend a concert at a theater. Before going to the theater, the classmate drove to a dealer's home to buy some marijuana. The dealer lived approximately two miles from the theater. After picking up the marijuana, the classmate then drove to the concert. As he was driving to the concert, the classmate smoked two marijuana cigarettes so that he could be \"high\" for the show. While the car was parked outside the theater, through no fault of the classmate, it was struck by another car and damaged. Repairs will cost $750. The driver of the vehicle that struck the student's car fled the scene and cannot be identified. If the student asserts a claim against the classmate for the damage to the student's car, the plaintiff will recover","score":0,"choices":["the cost of repairing the car because the classmate used the car for an illegal purpose.","nothing, because the damage was caused by a third party not in control of the car.","the cost of repairing the car because the classmate was driving under the influence of marijuana.","nothing, because the car was damaged due to an incident that the classmate could not control.","the value of the car before it was damaged because the classmate used the car for a purpose other than that for which it was lent.","the value of the car before it was damaged because the car was damaged while under the classmate's dominion and control.","nothing, because the classmate was not negligent in causing the car's damage.","the cost of repairing the car because the classmate used the car for a purpose other than attending the concert.","the cost of repairing the car because the car was damaged while under the classmate's dominion and control.","the value of the car before it was damaged because the classmate was using illegal substances while driving the car."],"correct":"G","answer":"D"}
{"number":1709,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Offers to pay medical expenses are generally inadmissible as evidence of liability under the Federal Rules of Evidence, specifically Rule 409. This rule is designed to encourage parties to offer assistance without fear that such offers will be used against them in court. Therefore, the doctor's offer to pay the patient's medical bills should not be admitted as evidence of negligence.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"One day, while visiting a plastic surgery clinic for a routine Botox treatment, a patient received an excessive dose of Botox from a new medical assistant on the staff. Her face frozen in a grotesque grimace, she demanded to speak to the doctor. The doctor said, \"Listen, why don't you go over to the emergency room and send the bills to me? I'll take care of your medical expenses. \" The patient subsequently sued the doctor for negligent hiring of the medical assistant and for damages. At trial, she proposes to call the doctor's administrative assistant, who was present during her conversation with the doctor. The patient wants the administrative assistant to testify to the doctor's offer to pay her medical bills. The doctor's attorney objects. The trial judge should","score":1,"choices":["sustain the objection, as the administrative assistant is not qualified to testify on medical matters.","sustain the objection as an offer to pay the medical bills.","sustain the objection, as the conversation between the doctor and patient should be kept confidential.","overrule the objection, as the patient has a right to call any witness to support her case.","overrule the objection, as the testimony could provide context to the incident.","overrule the objection, as the administrative assistant's testimony could shed light on the doctor's character and integrity.","overrule the objection, because an offer to pay medical bills is an inferential admission.","overrule the objection, because the evidence is relevant as to the question of the doctor's negligent hiring.","sustain the objection, because the patient's medical records are the best evidence of the doctor's negligence.","sustain the objection, as the doctor's offer does not directly imply guilt or negligence."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1710,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The producer and the singer explicitly agreed that there would be no enforceable contractual obligations until a final, signed contract was in place. Since they never reached such an agreement, there is no binding contract. Therefore, the producer cannot claim expectation damages, specific performance, or punitive damages. \n\nThe most relevant concept here is reliance damages, which compensate for expenses incurred in reliance on the negotiation process. However, since it was clear that no obligations existed until a final contract was signed, it was not reasonable for the producer to expect reimbursement for those expenses.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A popular singer expressed interest in performing in a theater producer's musical production. The producer and the singer agreed that there would be no enforceable contractual obligations between them until they had entered into a final, signed contract. They then began negotiating the terms of the contract. While the parties were negotiating, the producer began to spend money on the production. When the parties were unable to agree on the terms of a the parties were unable to agree on the terms of a final contract, the producer made reasonable but unsuccessful efforts to hire another singer before abandoning the production. If the producer sues the singer, what will he likely recover?","score":1,"choices":["Restitution for the cost of finding a replacement singer.","Expectation damages in the form of the profits that the production would have made if it had been performed.","Specific performance requiring the singer to perform in the musical.","Damages for the lost ticket sales resulting from the cancellation of the production.","Nothing, because it was not reasonable for the producer to expect to be reimbursed for expenses incurred when he knew that the singer was not obligated until there was a final, signed agreement.","Reliance damages in the form of the actual expenses the producer incurred while negotiating with the singer.","Restitution for the damage to the producer's business relationships due to the failure of the production.","Reliance damages in the form of the expenses the producer would have had if the production had gone ahead.","Restitution for any harm done to the producer's reputation when the production was abandoned.","Punitive damages due to the singer's failure to agree on the contract terms."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1711,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The pedestrian's claim against the liquor store hinges on whether the store's violation of the \"blue law\" prohibiting Sunday liquor sales can be considered negligence per se, and whether this violation is causally related to the pedestrian's injury.\n\nNegligence per se occurs when a defendant violates a statute that is designed to protect a certain class of individuals from a specific type of harm, and the plaintiff is within that class and suffers the type of harm the statute was designed to prevent. In this case, the \"blue law\" prohibiting Sunday liquor sales is not specifically designed to prevent accidents caused by intoxicated drivers; rather, it is more likely intended to regulate business operations and maintain public order on Sundays.\n\nAdditionally, the clerk did not violate the dram shop statute because the customer did not appear visibly inebriated at the time of purchase. The malfunctioning clock led to an unintentional violation of the \"blue law,\" but this does not necessarily establish negligence per se or a direct causal link to the pedestrian's injury.\n\nTherefore, considering these points, the most appropriate answer is:\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The state has the following statutes regarding liquor sales in effect:\"Section 1212. Whoever sells intoxicating liquor to any person who is intoxicated or inebriated is guilty of a misdemeanor. This section shall not apply in the case of sales of intoxicating liquor by a hotel, motel, or inn to any person registered and resident as a guest in such hotel, motel, or inn for consumption upon the premises thereof. \"\"Section 1213. It shall be unlawful for any vendor with a valid state liquor license to sell intoxicating beverages on Sunday. Anyone in violation of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not less than $100 or more than $1,000. \"The state authorities have regularly enforced the aforementioned dram shop statute and \"blue law\" prohibiting Sunday liquor sales. At 12:30 a. m. on Sunday morning, a customer entered a liquor store and purchased a bottle of wine. The clerk who made the sale, thought the time was 11:30 p. m. Saturday night because that was the time shown on the store's wall clock. Unknown to the clerk, the clock was malfunctioning and was running an hour behind. Thus, the clock displayed the wrong time when the clerk sold the wine to the customer. When the clerk made the sale, the customer did not appear to be visibly inebriated. After making the purchase, the customer drank the entire bottle of wine. He then drove off in his car and struck a pedestrian, injuring him. At the time of the accident, the customer was intoxicated from drinking the wine. If the pedestrian asserts a claim against the liquor store, will the plaintiff prevail?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the accident would not have occurred but for the sale of the wine to the customer.","No, because the clerk did not violate the dram shop statute, and his violation of the \"blue law\" resulted from the clock's malfunctioning.","No, because the customer did not appear to be visibly inebriated when he purchased the wine.","Yes, because the liquor store was negligent per se by selling the wine in violation of the \"blue law\" prohibiting Sunday liquor sales.","No, because the purpose of the \"blue law\" prohibiting Sunday liquor sales was not to prevent accidents caused by drivers driving while intoxicated.","Yes, because the clerk should have been aware of the correct time regardless of the store's clock.","Yes, because the store should have a system in place to ensure the accuracy of the time.","No, because the pedestrian was not the direct victim of the violation of the \"blue law.\"","Yes, because the clock's malfunctioning is not a valid excuse for violating the \"blue law.\"","No, because the customer was already intoxicated before the purchase was made."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1712,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a jurisdiction with a comparative negligence statute, the fault is apportioned between the parties based on their respective contributions to the incident. The driver was negligent for not paying attention to the road, but the owner of the abandoned auto was also negligent for leaving it in a hazardous position. Therefore, under comparative negligence principles, the driver would likely recover only a portion of the damages corresponding to the owner's share of negligence.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A driver and passenger were driving to work in the former's automobile one morning. As they were traveling at a speed of 20 m. p. h. (which was within the posted speed limit), the passenger suddenly pointed to an overturned vehicle along the side of the highway and said, \"Look at that car upside down. \" The driver turned to look at the overturned vehicle. As he was looking toward the side of the road, the driver failed to see an abandoned vehicle with a flat tire in the highway about 200 feet in front of his approaching auto. Seconds later, the driver crashed into the rear of the abandoned auto and was injured. The jurisdiction has a relevant comparative negligence statute in effect. If the driver asserts a claim against the owner of the abandoned auto, the most likely result is that the driver will","score":0,"choices":["recover nothing, because the passenger's act was a supervening cause.","recover only a portion of damages, because both the driver and the owner of the abandoned auto were negligent.","recover nothing, because he was distracted while driving.","recover all of his damages, because the owner of the abandoned auto was negligent.","recover only a portion of damages, because the abandoned auto was in plain view.","recover all of his damages, because the abandoned auto was a traffic hazard.","recover all of his damages, because the defendant created a dangerous condition.","recover nothing, because he was driving at a speed that didn't allow him to stop in time.","recover nothing, because he had the last clear chance to avoid the collision."],"correct":"E","answer":"B"}
{"number":1713,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for help. Rule 32(a)(6) states that if a party offers in evidence only part of a deposition, an adverse party may require the offeror to introduce other parts that in fairness ought to be considered with the part introduced. This rule ensures that the context of the deposition is preserved and prevents misleading use of selective excerpts.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Cooper is suing March for money damages. Because he believes portions of March's deposition are highly favorable to his case, Cooper's attorney intends to read parts of the deposition at trial instead of calling March to the stand. March objects to Cooper's use of the deposition at trial. What is the court's likely ruling?","score":1,"choices":["Cooper may use the deposition at trial, but only if he can prove that March's statements are unreliable.","Cooper may use the deposition at trial, but only if March's attorney is present during the reading.","Cooper may not use the deposition at trial, as it is considered hearsay.","Cooper may not use the deposition at trial, as this would make March his witness and immune to impeachment.","Cooper may use the deposition at trial, but must read the entire deposition, not just selected parts.","Cooper may not use the deposition at trial, as it would violate March's right to confrontation.","Cooper may use the deposition at trial, but only to contradict or impeach March's prior inconsistent statements or pleadings.","Cooper may use the deposition at trial, but, if requested, he must read all parts that in fairness ought to be considered with the part introduced.","Cooper may not use the deposition at trial, unless March is unavailable to testify.","Cooper may not use the deposition at trial, as March is able to testify and no exceptional circumstances exist."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1714,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The prosecutor's remarks can be seen as an improper comment on the defendant's right not to testify, which is protected under the Fifth Amendment. This could be interpreted as suggesting that the defendant's silence implies guilt, which is prejudicial and violates the defendant's right to a fair trial.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant was charged with attempting to possess and distribute narcotics. The defendant was arrested after allegedly trying to purchase several kilos of heroin from an undercover government agent. At trial, the undercover agent testified about the defendant's efforts to arrange the drug transaction. The defendant's defense, on the other hand, consisted entirely in attacking the undercover agent's credibility. During his summation, the prosecuting attorney, over defendant's objections, stated that he had produced the only witness who was willing to take the stand and testify to what occurred at the meeting when the undercover agent arrested the defendant. Based on the undercover agent's uncontradicted testimony, the prosecuting attorney urged the jury to convict the defendant. The defendant was convicted and, on appeal, argued that the judge erred in permitting the prosecutor's statement. The defendant's conviction should be","score":1,"choices":["reversed, because the prosecutor's remarks constituted an unfair personal attack on the defendant.","reversed, because the prosecutor's remarks constituted improper comment about the defendant's right to testify.","affirmed, because it is immaterial; the probative value of the defendant's failure to testify is outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.","affirmed, because the defendant had the opportunity to refute the undercover agent's testimony but did not.","reversed, because the prosecutor's remarks violated the defendant's right to a fair trial.","reversed, because the prosecutor's remarks were not proper rebuttal to defense attacks on the undercover agent's credibility.","reversed, because the prosecutor's remarks unfairly influenced the jury's decision.","affirmed, because the prosecutor's remarks were a fair response to the defense's attacks on the undercover agent's credibility.","affirmed, because the prosecutor was merely summarizing the evidence presented in court.","affirmed, because the prosecutor had the right to express the strength of the evidence he had pursued."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1715,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. An admission by a party-opponent is an exception to the hearsay rule under the Federal Rules of Evidence. Polly's statement, \"Oops, I was cleaning my pistol and it went off and shot Justin. I sure was negligent!\" is an admission by a party-opponent because it is a statement made by Polly, who is a party in the case, and it is against her interest.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Justin's estate sues Polly for wrongful death. The estate calls Officer Friendly as a witness who interviewed Polly right after the event. Officer will testify that Polly said, \"Oops, I was cleaning my pistol and it went off and shot Justin. I sure was negligent!\" Is Officer's testimony admissible?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, admission by party.","No, opinion on an ultimate issue that must be left for the jury.","Yes, because it's a spontaneous statement","No, because the statement was made under duress","Yes, because it's a recorded statement","No, because the statement was not made under oath","Yes, because it's an excited utterance","No, because the statement is prejudicial","No, hearsay without an exception."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1716,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Involuntary manslaughter involves unintentional killing resulting from recklessness or criminal negligence. However, the babysitter's negligence in \"nodding off\" does not rise to the level of gross negligence required for criminal liability, especially considering she was threatened and intimidated by the kidnapper. The babysitter did not have criminal intent, and her actions under threat do not constitute a criminal act. Therefore, it is unlikely that she will be charged with a crime.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A teenage girl was babysitting a two-year-old baby. She took the baby in a stroller to the public park, as she often did. On this day, she negligently \"nodded off\" for just a few seconds on a park bench with the stroller next to her. She felt some movement and snapped awake to see a man taking the baby from the stroller. The man was large and menacing-looking. The babysitter, who is thin and petite, froze and did not put up a struggle as the man stated, \"I will kill you if you move.\" The babysitter did scream and call for help as the kidnapper fled with the child. Within a few yards he tripped and dropped the baby on its head. The baby died at the hospital of massive head injuries. Is it probable that the prosecutor will charge the babysitter with a crime, and if so, what will be the charge?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, she will be charged with involuntary manslaughter, as her negligence indirectly led to the death of the baby.","No, the babysitter did not commit a criminal act under the circumstances Â€Â” her negligence was not gross enough to rise to the level of criminality and she had no criminal intent.","Yes, she will be charged with manslaughter due to negligence, as she fell asleep while responsible for the baby's safety.","Yes, she would be charged with negligent homicide because it was foreseeable that if she fell asleep for even just a few seconds, the baby would likely be kidnapped and killed.","No, because she did not do anything wrong in dozing off and she had no duty to protect the baby at the expense of her own life.","Yes, this is felony murder in that the babysitter's unacceptable behavior was committed during the commission of the kidnapping felony.","No, as the babysitter was threatened and intimidated, she is considered a victim in this situation and will not be charged.","Yes, she will be charged with child endangerment as she was negligent in her duties as a babysitter."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1717,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a joint tenancy with right of survivorship, when one joint tenant dies, their interest automatically passes to the surviving joint tenant(s). However, in a title theory jurisdiction, a mortgage is considered a transfer of title to the mortgagee (the bank) until the debt is paid.\n\nWhen the friend mortgaged his interest in the property, he effectively severed the joint tenancy as to his interest, converting it into a tenancy in common. Upon his death, his interest would pass to his heir (the uncle), but subject to the mortgage held by the bank.\n\nTherefore, the co-worker retains their half interest free of the mortgage, and the uncle inherits the friend's half interest, which remains subject to the mortgage.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A professor was the record owner in fee simple absolute of a 30-acre tract of land located in a small town. The professor made a conveyance thereof in these words, \"I hereby convey my 30-acre tract to both my friend and my co-worker as joint tenants with right of survivorship. \"Two years after making the conveyance to the friend and the co-worker, the friend executed a mortgage on the 30-acre tract of land to a bank to secure a loan. One year after executing the mortgage, the friend died intestate, leaving his uncle as his only heir. At the time of the friend's death, the indebtedness had not been paid to the bank. The jurisdiction in which the 30-acre tract of land is located recognizes a title theory of mortgages. In an appropriate action, the court should determine that title to the 30-acre tract of land is vested","score":1,"choices":["in the bank until the mortgage is paid, then in the co-worker and the uncle.","half in the co-worker and half in the bank, with both subject to the mortgage.","entirely in the uncle, subject to the mortgage.","entirely in the uncle, free and clear of the mortgage.","half in the co-worker and half in the uncle, with both subject to the mortgage.","in the co-worker and the uncle, with the co-worker's portion free of the mortgage and the uncle's portion subject to it.","half in the co-worker, free of the mortgage, and half in the uncle, subject to the mortgage.","in the co-worker, with the entire interest subject to the mortgage.","half in the co-worker, subject to the mortgage, and half in the uncle, free of the mortgage."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1718,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. When a buyer defaults on a mortgage, the lender (in this case, the builder) typically has the right to foreclose on the property. However, if the buyer voluntarily deeds the property back to the lender in lieu of foreclosure, this is known as a \"deed in lieu of foreclosure.\" This transaction must be voluntary and free from coercion. If it is reasonable and fair under the circumstances, and both parties agree to it, then the builder can accept the deed and own fee simple title to the house.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A builder sold a new house to a buyer for use as the buyer's residence. The buyer paid 10% of the purchase price and financed the rest by executing a promissory note and purchase money mortgage to the builder. A year later, the buyer missed several mortgage payments to the builder and became unable to make payments to the builder and became unable to make payments. During that year, property values in the neighborhood declined substantially. The builder suggested that the buyer deed the house back to the builder to settle all claims and avoid the costs and other disadvantages of foreclosure. The buyer deeded the house back to the builder. Does the builder now own fee simple title to the house?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the builder cannot accept the deed while also holding the mortgage.","No, because the owner of a personal residence cannot waive the right to foreclosure.","Yes, because the transaction was reasonable and fair under the circumstances.","No, because the builder coerced the buyer into deeding the house back.","Yes, because the buyer defaulted on the mortgage payments.","Yes, because the builder originally held the mortgage.","Yes, because of the doctrine of equitable redemption.","No, because the buyer still technically owns the house until foreclosure.","No, because the deed back to the builder constitutes a disguised mortgage."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1719,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. However, there are exceptions to the hearsay rule, one of which is statements made for purposes of medical diagnosis or treatment. The physician's testimony about what the plaintiff said during treatment would fall under this exception as it is reasonably pertinent to diagnosis or treatment.\nAnswer: I","question":"A plantiff sued a defendant for injuries suffered m a fall on the sidewalk of the defendant's home. The plaintiff's complaint alleged that the walk was covered by a thick sheet of ice, which had been negligently left there for several days by the defendant. In his answer, the defendant set forth that the ice formed overnight and that the plaintiff fell before the defendant had a chance to remove it. During the trial, a physician, whose office was next door to the defendant's home, testified that he saw the plaintiff fall and that the ice, which had been there for several days was at least two inches thick. On cross-examination, counsel for the defendant asked the physician the following question: \"During your treatment of the plaintiff on the day in question, is it not true that he told you his fall resulted from a loss of equilibrium after he suffered from dizziness?\"Upon objection by the plaintiff's attorney, the physician's testimony will be ruled","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because it is hearsay evidence.","admissible, because the physician had personal knowledge of the plaintiff's injuries.","admissible, because it provides additional information about the plaintiff's condition.","admissible, because it sheds light on the plaintiff's physical condition at the time of the fall.","inadmissible, because the physician's testimony is not relevant to prove that the plaintiff's alleged injuries are false or exaggerated.","inadmissible, because the physician's testimony is biased.","inadmissible, because the defendant's counsel failed to lay a proper foundation.","inadmissible, because it contradicts the defendant's statement.","admissible, because it is reasonably pertinent to diagnosis or treatment.","admissible, because it helps to establish the timeline of events."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1720,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on legal procedures for help. Cross-examination is a method used to challenge the credibility of a witness. If the witness failed to mention a significant detail like an alibi when initially questioned by the police, this could be seen as inconsistent with their current testimony. This inconsistency can be used to impeach the witness's credibility.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"At a defendant's trial for burglary, the defendant has called a witness who has testified without objection that the defendant said shortly after his arrest, \"They've got the wrong person for this, because I have an alibi.\" The prosecutor seeks to cross- examine the witness about why she did not mention that statement when the police asked her whether the defendant had said anything to her about having an alibi. Is the prosecutor's proposed cross-examination proper?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, as a way to establish the witness's relationship with the defendant.","No, because the prosecutor cannot introduce evidence that contradicts the defendant's statement.","Yes, as a method to challenge the witness's credibility.","No, because the witness's failure to mention the alibi is not relevant.","Yes, as a way to question the witness's memory.","No, because the prosecutor cannot cross-examine the defendant's witness.","Yes, as impeachment for prior inconsistency.","No, because the witness's failure to mention the alibi is collateral and ambiguous.","Yes, as impeachment for bias and interest.","No, because the witness's character for truthfulness cannot be attacked by specific instances of conduct."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1721,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The law involves gender discrimination, which triggers intermediate scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Under intermediate scrutiny, the state must prove that the law is substantially related to an important state interest.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state legislature passed a law requiring state universities to have male and female students live in separate dormitory facilities. The law was passed in order to curtail the increasing number of co-ed pregnancies on college campuses. Two students at a state university are engaged to be married and wish to share a dormitory room together. Citing the law, university housing officials refuse to allow them to live together in a campus dormitory facility. The students bring an appropriate action to challenge the constitutionality of the law. Which of the following correctly states the applicable burden of persuasion?","score":0,"choices":["Since the law does not affect a fundamental right or involve gender discrimination, the burden is on the plaintiffs to show that it is not rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest.","Since the law deals with the fundamental right of privacy, the state must show that it furthers a compelling state interest.","Since the law involves marital discrimination, the state must prove that the law is substantially related to an important state interest.","Since the law involves gender discrimination, the state must show that it furthers a compelling state interest.","Since the law involves gender discrimination, the state must prove that the law is substantially related to an important state interest.","Since the law deals with the freedom of association, the burden is on the plaintiffs to prove that it is not rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest.","Since the law deals with the freedom of association, the state must show that it furthers a compelling state interest.","Since the law involves privacy rights, the burden is on the plaintiffs to prove that it is not rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest.","Since the law affects the fundamental right to education, the state must show that it furthers a compelling state interest.","Since the law does not affect a fundamental right or involve marital discrimination, the burden is on the plaintiffs to show that it is not rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1722,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, a valid contract is formed when there is an offer, acceptance, and consideration. The buyer made an offer of $2,200 per acre, and the owner accepted it. The fact that the buyer mistakenly typed $2,200 instead of $2,000 does not automatically invalidate the contract. Generally, unilateral mistakes (mistakes made by one party) do not provide grounds for rescission unless the mistake was known or should have been known by the other party. Here, there is no indication that the owner knew or should have known about the buyer's mistake.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"The owner of a parcel of land received the following letter from a buyer: \"I will pay you $2,200 an acre for [theparcel].\" The owner's letter of reply stated, \"I accept your offer.\" Unknown to the owner, the buyer had intendedto offer only $2,000 per acre but had mistakenly typed \"$2,200.\" As both parties knew, comparable land in thevicinity had been selling at prices between $2,000 and $2,400 per acre. Which of the following states the probable legal consequences of the correspondence between theparties?","score":1,"choices":["There is a contract formed at a price of $2,400 per acre, as it is the highest price in the vicinity.","There is a contract, but the price per acre will be determined by a third-party appraiser.","There is no contract, because the parties attached materially different meanings to the price term.","There is no enforceable contract, because the buyer is entitled to rescission due to a mutual mistake asto a basic assumption.","There is no contract, because the buyer can argue that the price was a typo.","There is a contract formed at a price of $2,200 per acre, but the buyer can renegotiate the price.","There is no contract, because the parties have not met in person to discuss the deal.","There is a contract formed at a price of $2,000 per acre, as it is the lowest price in the vicinity.","There is a contract formed at a price of $2,000 per acre, as the buyer intended.","There is a contract formed at a price of $2,200 per acre, regardless of the buyer's true intention."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1723,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to Article I, Section 5 of the U.S. Constitution, \"Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members.\" This means that the House of Representatives has exclusive authority to determine the qualifications of its members. Therefore, the strongest constitutional argument supporting the defendants' demurrer is that the federal court lacks jurisdiction because this matter falls under the exclusive authority of the House of Representatives.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"The state registrar of elections refused to put a candidate's name on the ballot because the registrar believed that the candidate was not a resident of the state. The registrar contended that Article I, Section 2 of the U. S. Constitution specifically required a candidate for the House of Representatives \"be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen. \" As a consequence, the candidate filed suit in state court against the registrar of elections seeking to have her name placed on the ballot. The state court ruled in her favor and determined that the candidate did, in fact, qualify as a resident of the state. The registrar appealed the decision to the state supreme court which, in turn, affirmed the lower court ruling. Thereafter, the candidate's name was placed on the ballot. After a hotly contested election, the candidate narrowly defeated the incumbent. However, at the time that the candidate was to be seated as a House member, the House of Representatives held hearings on her qualifications and eligibility. By a two-thirds vote, the House determined that the candidate was not a resident of the state at the time of her election and refused to seat her. The candidate then brought suit in federal district court against the Speaker and other officers of the House, seeking back pay and an order that she be seated in the House of Representatives. The defendants demurred, claiming lack of subject matter jurisdiction. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument supporting the defendants' demurrer?","score":0,"choices":["The suit should have been brought as an original action in the U. S. Supreme Court.","The federal court cannot intervene because it would disrupt the separation of powers.","Under Article III of the Constitution, the federal courts are not empowered to render advisory opinions.","The candidate lacks standing to sue because she was never officially a member of the House of Representatives.","The case should have been filed in the state court where the original residency determination was made.","The federal court lacks jurisdiction because the House of Representatives has exclusive authority to determine the qualifications of its members.","The case is moot because the term of office for which the candidate was elected has already ended.","There is no case or controversy between the candidate and the officers of the House of Representatives.","The candidate's claims are barred by the Eleventh Amendment.","The case presents a nonjusticiable political question."],"correct":"J","answer":"F"}
{"number":1724,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Generally, if a contract violates a regulatory requirement that is intended merely to raise revenue (such as a licensing fee), courts are more likely to enforce the contract rather than void it, especially if the work performed was satisfactory and there was no harm to public safety or welfare. The purpose of the licensing fee in this case is to raise revenue, not to protect public health or safety.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"In order to raise revenue, a city required home- repair contractors who performed work within the city limits to pay a licensing fee to a city agency. A contractor who was unaware of the fee requirement agreed to perform home repairs for a city resident. After the contractor completed the work, the resident discovered that the contractor had not paid the licensing fee, and she refused to pay for the repairs, which were otherwise satisfactory. If the contractor sues the resident for breach of contract, how is the court likely to rule?","score":1,"choices":["The court will find that the contract does violate the law and will not allow the contractor to recover his costs.","Although the contract violates the law, the court will require the homeowner to pay the contractor the full amount agreed upon.","The court will find that the contract is void due to the contractor's ignorance of the law.","Although the contract violates the law, the court will find that public policy does not bar enforcement of the contract, because the purpose of the fee is merely to raise revenue.","Because the contractor was unaware of the fee, the court will rule in his favor and require the homeowner to pay for the repairs.","Because the purpose of the fee is merely to raise revenue, the court will find that the contract does not violate the law but will allow the contractor to recover his costs only.","The court will rule that the contractor must pay the licensing fee before any payment for the repairs can be made.","Because the contract violates the law and is void, the court will not enforce it.","The court will rule in favor of the homeowner, because the contractor failed to adhere to city regulations."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1725,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Standing is a legal concept that determines whether a party has the right to bring a lawsuit. To have standing, a party must show that they have suffered a concrete and particularized injury that is actual or imminent, caused by the action in question, and that the injury will likely be redressed by a favorable decision.\n\nIn this scenario, the national organization that was originally supposed to receive the plane would have the best standing to challenge the Secretary's action. This is because they were directly affected by the decision to give the plane to the church instead of them, which constitutes a concrete and particularized injury.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Congress recently enacted a statute permitting a governmental agency to make a gift of federal property to private individuals or organizations, provided that it be used \"to further good relations and better understanding with foreign governments. \"The Secretary of Defense planned to give an old military cargo plane to a national organization who supports future pilots. Before making the gift, the Secretary was approached by the head of a church. The church leader indicated that he would be sponsoring a worldwide crusade and suggested to the Secretary that such an undertaking would serve to strengthen relations with foreign governments. The Secretary donated the plane to the church instead of the organization. Who would have the best standing to challenge the Secretary's action?","score":1,"choices":["The Secretary of Defense himself.","The national organization.","A federal court.","A taxpayer of the United States.","A member of the church.","A member of Congress.","Any resident in the United States.","A citizen of the United States.","A foreign government.","A state within the United States."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1726,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, terms and conditions can be binding if they are reasonably communicated and accepted by the parties involved. The key issue here is whether the purchaser had reasonable notice of the additional terms and conditions and whether their actions constituted acceptance of those terms.\n\nThe purchase form had a prominent hyperlink to the additional terms, which suggests that the purchaser had reasonable notice. Additionally, the delivered product included a bold-lettered notice requiring return within 30 days if the terms were not accepted. By keeping the computer beyond this period, the purchaser's actions can be interpreted as acceptance of the terms.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A business purchased a computer from a seller's web site. The purchase form had a prominent hyperlink connection to a page that contained \"important additional terms and conditions of sale,\" but the purchaser did not access that page. The delivered product included the additional terms in writing, along with a bold-lettered notice requiring the purchaser to return the product within 30 days if it did not accept the stated terms and conditions. After 35-days, the business became dissatisfied with the computer, and sued the seller for breach of contract. The seller demanded that the dispute be decided by private arbitration as per the additional terms and conditions to the agreement. Is the purchaser legally bound to participate in arbitration?","score":1,"choices":["No, because federal law requires that a company give 90 days for return and the 30-day provision was null and void.","No, because there was no contract formed due to the purchaser's lack of assent to the additional terms and conditions.","Yes, because by not returning the computer within 30 days, the purchaser was bound to the additional terms and conditions that were a part of the contract.","Yes, because the seller provided the additional terms and conditions in writing with the delivered product.","No, because the purchaser did not explicitly agree to the terms and conditions that include private arbitration.","Yes, because the purchaser was aware of the additional terms and conditions, despite not accessing them.","No, because the seller did not clearly communicate the additional terms and conditions to the purchaser.","Yes, because the additional terms and conditions were part of the contract, regardless of whether the purchaser read them or not.","No, because the seller did not obtain explicit consent from the purchaser for the additional terms and conditions.","Yes, because federal law requires that arbitration must be used to attempt an initial resolution with respect to sales that take place on the internet."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1727,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, the key issue is whether the subway company was negligent. If the stop was necessary to avoid a collision and the operator was not negligent in making the stop, then the company would likely not be liable. The commuter's claim would fail if there was no negligence on the part of the subway company.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A city resident commuted to work each day by subway. After purchasing her subway ticket, the resident entered the subway for her ride downtown to where she was employed. Looking for a seat, the resident was walking toward the rear of the subway car when it came to an abrupt halt. As a result of the sudden stop, the resident fell onto a commuter, injuring him. If the commuter asserts a claim against the subway company to recover for his personal injuries, the commuter will probably","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, if the subway company can prove that the stop was necessary to avoid a collision","prevail, because the sudden stop caused the resident to fall onto him.","not prevail, if the resident can prove she was pushed causing her to fall onto the commuter.","prevail, because a special duty of care was owed him.","not prevail, if the commuter had prior knowledge of the subway's abrupt stops","not prevail, if the resident was negligent in not holding onto the hand rail.","prevail, if the subway company was negligent in maintaining the subway car's balance","prevail, if the subway company failed to warn passengers about the abrupt stop","prevail, if the subway company failed to provide enough seats for all passengers","not prevail, if the operator of the subway was not negligent in making the stop."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1728,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. The architect had an express covenant in the lease to repaint the premises after two years, which he failed to perform. The tenant requested the repainting, and the architect did not comply. Generally, in landlord-tenant law, if a landlord fails to fulfill a significant obligation under the lease, it can constitute a breach of contract. However, the tenant's remedy typically involves seeking damages or performing self-help (such as repainting and deducting the cost from rent), rather than moving out and refusing to pay rent unless there is a constructive eviction.\n\nConstructive eviction occurs when the landlord's failure to maintain the premises in a habitable condition forces the tenant to leave. In this case, the failure to repaint does not rise to the level of constructive eviction since it does not make the premises uninhabitable.\n\nTherefore, while the architect breached an express covenant, this breach alone does not justify the tenant's refusal to pay rent and abandonment of the lease without pursuing other remedies first.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An architect is the owner of a large two-story office building. The architect designed and supervised the building's construction. He and his associate occupy the first floor for their architectural business. In June 2005, the architect entered into a valid and binding written lease with a tenant to rent the second floor office space for four years at a monthly rental of $5,000. The lease contained a provision wherein the architect was required to repaint the second floor premises after two years of occupancy. On June 1, 2007, the tenant sent the architect a written letter requesting the repainting of the second-floor office space. The architect made no reply and failed to perform the repainting as the lease required. The cost of repainting the tenant's office was estimated at $1,750. On July 1, 2008, the architect had still not repainted the premises. The following day, the tenant moved out, mailed the keys to the architect, and refused to pay any more rent. The lease was silent as to the rights and remedies of the tenant due to the architect's failure to perform the repainting. There is no applicable statute in the jurisdiction. In an appropriate action by the architect against the tenant for the rent due, the architect will","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the obligation to pay rent is dependent on the architect's performance of his express covenant.","win, because the tenant left the premises before the lease term was over","win, because the cost of repainting is less than the rent due","lose, because the tenant was justified in leaving due to the architect's neglect of his duties.","n, because the tenant had the remedy of self-help.","win, because there was no constructive eviction.","win, because the tenant did not take legal action against the architect for failure to repaint","lose, because the tenant has the right to withhold rent until the repainting is done","lose, because he cannot maintain an action for rent while in breach of an express covenant."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1729,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. A federal subpoena can command a person to attend and testify, produce documents, permit inspection of premises, and surrender assets for seizure. However, it cannot compel actions that violate constitutional rights or ethical standards, such as revealing attorney-client privileged communications or classified national security information. Additionally, it cannot compel someone to perform community service or participate in a law enforcement sting operation, as these are not typical functions of a subpoena.\nAnswer: E","question":"Which of the following is not within the power of a federal subpoena to command a person to do at a specified time and place?","score":0,"choices":["Submit to a physical or mental examination.","Disclose classified national security information.","Reveal attorney-client privileged communications.","Permit the inspection of premises.","Perform community service.","Surrender personal assets for seizure.","Attend and testify as to persons and/or events related to a cause of action.","Participate in a law enforcement sting operation.","Produce designated documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things in that person's possession, custody, or control."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1730,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, subsequent remedial measures are generally not admissible to prove negligence, culpable conduct, a defect in a product or its design, or a need for a warning or instruction. The rationale is that allowing such evidence could discourage parties from making repairs or improvements after an accident. However, such evidence can be admissible for other purposes, such as proving ownership, control, or the feasibility of precautionary measures if those issues are disputed.\n\nIn this case, the owner claims he no longer retained any control over the hallway. The fact that the owner had the hallway carpet re-laid two days after the accident could be relevant to show that he had control over the hallway at the time of the accident.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A shopper suffered injuries to her back and legs when she slipped on a loose piece of carpeting in a hallway connecting a department store and a cafeteria. The shopper brought suit against the owner of the entire building. The owner claimed that since he leased the cafeteria, he no longer retained any control over the connecting hallway. If the shopper offers into evidence the fact that two days after the accident, the owner had the hallway carpet re-laid, the court should rule that the evidence is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because it shows the owner's responsibility for maintaining safe conditions.","inadmissible, because the owner's actions after the accident do not pertain to the conditions at the time of the accident.","inadmissible, because it is evidence of a good deed by the owner after the accident.","inadmissible, because it is speculation about the owner's control over the hallway.","admissible, because it proves the owner had the power to make changes in the hallway.","admissible, because it shows that the owner retained ownership and control.","admissible, because it demonstrates the owner's negligence in not maintaining the hallway previously.","admissible, because it is relevant to the issue of the owner's knowledge of the unsafe condition.","inadmissible, because the evidence is irrelevant to the accident."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1731,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on leasehold estates for help. The lease agreement specifies a three-year term with a fixed annual rental amount payable in monthly installments. This indicates a fixed-term tenancy rather than a periodic tenancy or tenancy at will. The tenant's equitable interest in the property becomes a legal interest once the lease is executed and the tenant takes possession and pays rent.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An investor owned a building in a city. This was the only piece of real estate that the investor owned. The three-story building had a store on the ground floor and apartments on the other two floors. The investor entered into a leasehold agreement with a tenant, who would lease the first floor, where she planned to open a sporting goods store. After identifying the parties, the operative words of the lease were as follows: \"Landlord hereby agrees to lease for the three years the first floor of his building in the city to tenant, reserving unto said landlord annual rental in the sum of $12,000 payable in advance in monthly installments of $1,000. \"After the tenant took possession and the investor accepted her rent payment for the first floor of the building, which of the following most accurately describes the legal relationship between the parties?","score":1,"choices":["A joint tenancy was created.","The tenant became the freeholder of the property.","The tenant's equitable three-year term became a legal three-year term.","The tenant became a subtenant of the investor.","A tenancy at sufferance was created.","A periodic tenancy from month-to-month was created.","The tenant's three-year term became a periodic tenancy.","A tenancy at will was created.","A periodic tenancy from year-to-year was created."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1732,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on adverse possession for help. Adverse possession allows a person to claim ownership of land under certain conditions, typically requiring continuous and open use of the land for a statutory period (in this case, 10 years). The two men have been in continuous, open, and notorious possession of the land for more than the required 10 years. When one of the adverse possessors dies intestate, their interest typically passes to their heir. Therefore, the surviving man and the deceased man's heir would likely be considered tenants in common.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Fifteen years ago, two men who were fishing buddies moved onto vacant rural land owned by a woman they didn't know and built a small fishing shack on it. Twelve years ago, the men replaced the shack with a fish processing plant and a commercial fishing boat dock. The men maintained their commercial fishery operation on the land until one of them died intestate last year, leaving a sole heir. The period of time to acquire title by adverse possession in the jurisdiction is 10 years. The woman has now become aware of the changes that have occurred on the land. In an action to determine title, for whom should the court decide?","score":1,"choices":["For the man who is still alive, because he is the surviving adverse possessor.","For the deceased man's heir, because he is the direct successor of the original adverse possessor.","For the man who is still alive and the deceased man's heir, because the men acquired title as tenants in common.","For the woman, because she was unaware of the changes that occurred on the land.","For the woman, because the use was changed by the men while they were in possession.","For the woman, because title cannot be claimed by two adverse possessors simultaneously.","For the man who is still alive and the deceased man's heir, because they have been using the land for commercial purposes.","For the woman, because the men changed the use of the land without her permission.","For the woman, because the men did not have her consent to build on her land.","For the man who is still alive, because he has been in continuous possession of the land for more than 10 years."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1733,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is whether the assignment of rights from the community association to the city was valid and whether the city can enforce the covenants. The chef's best argument would be that the assignment of rights to the city was invalid because the community association was terminated, which could potentially invalidate the city's claim to enforce the covenants.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A housing corporation owned farmland and prepared a development plan to divide the land into 100 lots and create a residential community on the farmland tract. The Declaration of Covenants created the community association, as an administrative entity, to which the residential community lot owners would pay dues, and which would administer and enforce the regulations and restrictions recited among the covenants. One of the restrictions set forth in the Declaration of Covenants provides that the lots be used only for single-family residences, and that no trade, commerce, or business may be conducted in any single-family residence. The Declaration of Covenants gives the community association the right to assign all of its rights, powers, titles, easements, and estates granted to it under the Declaration of Covenants. The community association assigned \"all the rights, powers, titles, easements, and estates granted to or conferred upon it by the Declaration of Covenants\" to a municipal corporation, the city. The community association was then terminated. A chef, the owner of lot 18 in the residential development, proposes to convert his single-family dwelling into a massage parlor. The city asserts an action against the chef to recover money damages. Which of the following is the best argument for the chef?","score":0,"choices":["The restraint on alienation of his land is invalid.","The Declaration of Covenants is unenforceable because it is overly restrictive.","The Declaration of Covenants does not explicitly prohibit the conversion of single-family dwellings into businesses.","The chef has the right to use his property as he sees fit, regardless of the Declaration of Covenants.","The benefit is in gross; hence, the burden cannot run.","The chef was not aware of the Declaration of Covenants when he bought the property.","The assignment of rights to the city was invalid because the community association was terminated.","The burden is in gross; hence, the benefit cannot run.","The city is not in privity of estate with community association."],"correct":"I","answer":"G"}
{"number":1734,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Speech or Debate Clause in Article I, Section 6 of the U.S. Constitution provides immunity to members of Congress for their legislative acts, which includes statements made during legislative hearings. This clause is designed to protect the independence and integrity of the legislative process by shielding legislators from lawsuits based on their official actions.\nAnswer: J","question":"An avowed member of an antigovernment organization was elected president of a union. A senator, in his investigation of infiltration by antigovernment organizations of national labor unions, found a provision in a law passed by Congress that makes it a crime for a member of an antigovernment organization to act as an official of a labor union. After a subsequent legislative hearing, the president is dismissed from his position by the executive committee of the union. During a legislative hearing, the senator made derogatory statements about the president's involvement in an antigovernment organization. In determining whether the president has a valid cause of action against the senator for defamation, which of the following most accurately summarizes the applicable rule of law?","score":1,"choices":["The president of a union cannot sue for defamation based on statements made during a legislative hearing.","Public figures must prove that false and defamatory statements were made with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for the truth.","Truth is an absolute defense to a defamation claim.","A senator cannot be held accountable for statements made during an investigation, regardless of their truth or falsity.","Congressional committees do not have the authority to violate a person's Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.","It is not a denial of due process or of First Amendment rights for a congressional investigative committee member to make such utterances.","The constitutional requirement for actual malice must be proved by the party defamed in order to recover in a defamation suit.","The president must prove that the senator's statements were made with the intent to cause harm.","A senator's statements during a legislative hearing are protected by legislative immunity.","A congressman shall not be questioned in any other place for any speech or debate made by him during a congressional hearing."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1735,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The burglar is asserting a claim of negligence against the owner for failing to supervise the security services. However, the owner had already discontinued the protection services and had notified the company about it. The owner had no control over the actions of the security guard at the time of the incident. Therefore, the owner cannot be held liable for the actions of the security guard after discontinuing the service.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A home security protection company provided protection services to property owners in the immediate area. The owner of a summer cottage in the area hired the company to provide 24- hour protection during the winter months when his home was unoccupied. According to the security arrangement, the company's uniformed guards would periodically patrol the property and, if necessary, provide an \"armed response\" to any unauthorized individuals who were found trespassing on the property. The company provided security protection to the owner's property for two years. The owner then notified the company that he was planning to sell the cottage. As a result, he requested that the company discontinue its home-protection service, effective immediately. Two weeks later, a burglar broke into the cottage and was ransacking it. As the burglar was exiting from the owner's house carrying a portable television set, he was seen by a security guard working for the company. The security guard, who was driving past the home on security patrol, had not been informed that the owner had discontinued protection services. The security guard suddenly stopped his patrol vehicle and ran toward the burglar shouting, \"Stop! Don't move or I'll shoot!\" Startled, the burglar dropped the television set and began to flee. Believing that the suspected burglar was about to escape, the security guard pulled out his service revolver and fired a bullet at the burglar. The shot struck the burglar in the leg, seriously wounding him. If the burglar asserts a claim against the owner for negligently failing to supervise those providing security services for the owner's property, the burglar will probably","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, because the security guard was acting in the course of his duties.","prevail, because the burglar was unarmed when he was shot.","prevail, because the security guard acted without proper authorization.","prevail, because the security guard used excessive force.","not prevail, because the owner was not present when the shooting occurred.","not prevail, because the owner had discontinued protection services from the company when the shooting occurred.","prevail, because the owner knew or had reason to know that the company provided an \"armed response\" to suspected trespassers.","not prevail, because the owner had no control over the actions of the security guard.","prevail, because the owner did not properly inform the company of the discontinued services.","not prevail, because the burglar was trespassing on private property."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1736,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. Generally, a landlord cannot absolve themselves of liability to third parties (such as the tenant's employees) through a lease agreement if they are aware of a dangerous condition and fail to disclose or repair it. The landlord's duty of care to third parties cannot be shifted to the tenant by the terms of a lease, especially when the landlord knew about the defect and did not repair it.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A landlord was the owner of a vacant warehouse. On May 1, the landlord leased the warehouse to the tenant for a term of five years with a renewable option. The leasehold agreement provided in part:\"The tenant hereby acknowledges that certain areas of the leased premises are in a state of disrepair and unsafe for the conduct of business. Nonetheless, the tenant agrees to assume full responsibility for the necessary repairs. Furthermore, the tenant agrees to indemnify the landlord for any loss resulting from the condition of the said premises. \"Under the terms of the lease, the landlord delivered possession of the warehouse to the tenant on May 2. On that date, an employee of the tenant was working in the warehouse. He was moving some equipment into the warehouse when a section of the ceiling collapsed and fell on him. At the time the landlord and the tenant entered into their lease, only the landlord was aware that the ceiling was defective and needed to be repaired. Although the landlord could have remedied the defect before delivering possession to the tenant, the landlord didn't perform any repair work on the ceiling. The employee initiated suit against the landlord to recover damages resulting from his injury. There are no applicable statutes. If the employee prevails it will be because a","score":1,"choices":["landowner's duty of care to third parties cannot be shifted to a tenant by the tenns of a lease.","tenant is responsible for all injuries occurring on the property once possession has been transferred.","tenant cannot waive the implied warranty of commercial habitability.","landlord is absolved of all responsibilities once a lease agreement is signed.","landlord's failure to repair the defect is not relevant to the case.","covenant to indemnify by a tenant in favor of a land owner is against public policy.","tenant's employee was not protected under the leasehold agreement.","landowner is strictly liable for injuries occurring on his property.","landlord's duty of care to a tenant can be transferred through a lease agreement.","tenant's acknowledgment of the state of disrepair absolves the landlord of any liability."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1737,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Involuntary manslaughter typically requires a showing of negligence or recklessness. The statute in question provides that a person is not responsible for criminal conduct if, as a result of mental disease or defect, they lack substantial capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of their conduct or to conform their conduct to the requirements of law. The defendant's best defense would be that his failure to act was not voluntary due to the shock he experienced, which aligns with the expert testimony about reactions to truly shocking events.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"This jurisdiction has the following criminal statute in effect:\"A person is not responsible for criminal conduct if at the time of such conduct, as a result of mental disease or defect, he lacks substantial capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of his conduct, or to conform his conduct to the requirements of law. \"One afternoon, a defendant was babysitting his five-year-old nephew. As they were playing catch outside, the defendant threw the ball over his nephew's head, and it rolled into the street. Instinctively, the nephew ran after the ball but tripped over the gutter and fell in the street. When he tripped, the nephew severely sprained his ankle and couldn't stand up. Moments later, a large garbage truck was backing up and ran over the nephew, killing him. Although the defendant saw his nephew's predicament, he made no effort to rescue him. Subsequently, the defendant was charged with involuntary manslaughter. At trial, the defendant testified that he was so shocked when he saw his nephew fall near the garbage truck that he froze and was unable to move until it was too late. Following the defendant's testimony, an expert witness testified for the defense that reactions of the sort described by the defendant are not unusual when a truly shocking event occurs. If the jury believes the testimony of the defendant and his expert witness, the defendant's best defense is which of the following?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant's actions were justifiable under the circumstances.","The defendant's failure to act was not voluntary.","The defendant was acting under duress.","The defendant's actions were an accident, not a crime.","The defendant was legally insane at the time of the incident.","The defendant was not responsible for his nephew's safety.","The defendant's criminal liability was superseded by that of the truck driver.","The defendant was not present at the scene of the accident.","The defendant was suffering from temporary insanity.","The defendant lacked the requisite mental state required for the commission of the crime."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1738,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In property law, trespass involves an unlawful intrusion that interferes with one's person or property. However, in this case, the issue seems to be more about the unpleasant odor caused by the drainage system rather than a physical intrusion onto the farmer's land. This situation is more appropriately addressed under nuisance law, which deals with interference with the use and enjoyment of land.\n\nThe farmer's proper cause of action would be for nuisance, as the odor from the drainage system affects his enjoyment of his property. Trespass would not be the correct legal claim here because it typically involves direct physical invasion.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A rancher is currently the owner of record of a parcel of land designated as \"A. \" It is the higher of two neighboring properties on a mountain. A farmer is the owner of parcel \"B,\" which is situated lower than \"A\" on the mountainside. In 2000, the rancher, who owned both parcels of land, constructed a private drainage system. This system consisted of an underground pipeline that extended across both parcels of land. Sewage from parcel \"A\" drained through the system to a municipal sewer, which was located at the bottom of the mountain. In 2005, the rancher sold parcel \"B\" to the farmer. The deed to the farmer did not contain any mention of the rancher's drainage system. Located on each of the parcels are large ranch-style homes occupied by the respective owners. Lately, the sewage drain has begun to emit an unpleasant odor across parcel \"B. \" As a result, the farmer sued the rancher in trespass praying for damages caused by the drainage system. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the rancher, because the deed to the farmer did not contain any covenants restricting the rancher's use of the land.","the rancher, because the farmer did not explicitly prevent the use of the drainage system when purchasing parcel \"B.\"","the farmer, because the rancher did not have the right to improve his own land in a manner that caused harm to another.","the rancher, because the farmer willingly bought parcel \"B\" knowing it was lower on the mountainside.","the rancher, because the farmer's proper cause of action would be for nuisance, rather than trespass.","the farmer, because the drainage system was the proximate cause of the plaintiff's damages as a matter of law.","the farmer, because the rancher was negligent in not maintaining the drainage system properly.","the farmer, because the rancher knowingly caused a nuisance by constructing the drainage system.","the rancher, because the farmer has not provided evidence of the damage caused by the drainage system."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1739,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Adverse possession requires that the possessor's occupation of the land be continuous, open, notorious, exclusive, and hostile for the statutory period. In this case, the statutory period is 20 years. The man took possession in 1987 and left in 1997, returning in 1999. This break in possession means that his occupation was not continuous for the required 20-year period.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A farmer was the fee-simple owner of a tract of land inthe country. The farmer moved to the city in 1986. Aman took possession of the land in 1987 as an adversepossessor and remained on the land from 1987 to 1997;he then left the property to care for his sick mother forone year, returning the following year, 1999. Assume that the statutory period for adverse possession in this state is 20 years. In 2010, the farmer wanted to move back to the tract because he desired to return to the country. Finding the man in possession, the farmer initiated a suit in ejectment against the man. The most probable judicial determination would be","score":1,"choices":["the farmer would lose, because he had abandoned the property for over 20 years.","the farmer would win, because the man had not paid property taxes during his occupancy.","the farmer would lose, because the man's possession was open, hostile, and continuous.","the farmer would lose, because the man had fulfilled the required statutory period to become an adverse possessor.","the farmer would win, because the man did not have legal documentation of ownership.","the farmer would win, because the man had left the property for a year.","the farmer would win, because the man's possession was not continuous.","the farmer would lose, because the man was the current resident of the property.","the farmer would win, because he is the titleholder of record.","the farmer would lose, because the man had made improvements on the land."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1740,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The conveyance \"on the condition that\" it be used as recreational property only suggests a conditional estate. There are two main types of conditional estates: fee simple determinable and fee simple subject to a condition subsequent. A fee simple determinable automatically reverts to the grantor upon violation of the condition, while a fee simple subject to a condition subsequent requires the grantor to take affirmative steps to reclaim the property.\n\nGiven that the businessman notified the state and took steps to reclaim the property, it suggests he needs to exercise his right of entry, which aligns with a fee simple subject to a condition subsequent.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A businessman was the owner of an idyllic lake and wooded area. In 1980, the businessman conveyed the land to the state \"on the condition that\" it be used as recreational property only. Two years later, the state decided that they wanted a small industrial park attached to the corner of the land. The state went ahead and developed a small portion of the land as industrial space, making it part of a larger industrial park that was adjacent to the land. The businessman notified the state that he was the owner of the property because the state violated the conditions of the conveyance, and that he was taking possession of the property back. What was the interest that was created by the conveyance and can the businessman get the property back?","score":1,"choices":["The interest created is an indefeasible estate, and the owner cannot do anything to enforce a condition that is against public policy and never enforceable in the first place.","The interest created is a life estate, and the property will revert back to the businessman only after the life tenant's death.","The interest created is a reverter, and the property instantly reverts back to the grantor upon the occurrence of the specified violation.","The interest created is a fee simple subject to a condition subsequent, and the original owner can get the property back only by taking affirmative steps to exercise his right of entry.","The interest created is a leasehold estate, and the businessman can reclaim the property only after the lease period ends.","The interest is a remainder, and the property will only revert back to the original owner after the state's interest ends.","The interest created is an easement, and the businessman has no right to reclaim the property but can prevent the state from using it for industrial purposes.","The interest is a fee simple subject to an executory limitation, and if the condition occurs the property reverts in fee simple to a pre-designated third party.","The interest created is a fee simple absolute, and the owner cannot reclaim the property as it now completely belongs to the state.","The interest is a fee simple determinable, and the property instantly reverts back to the businessman upon violation of the condition."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1741,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. When a property is sold at a foreclosure sale, the proceeds are used first to pay off the primary mortgage holder (the bank in this case), and any remaining funds are then used to pay off secondary mortgage holders (the credit union here) in order of their priority. Since the credit union's mortgage was recorded after the bank's mortgage, it is second in priority. After the bank has been paid, any remaining funds should go to the next lienholder, which is the credit union.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man purchased a house that needed substantial repairs. The man financed the purchase of the house by borrowing funds from a bank. He signed a note to the bank and secured repayment of the loan with a mortgage. After purchasing the house, the man borrowed money from his credit union to make the repairs. The man signed a note to the credit union; this note was also secured by a mortgage on the house. Both mortgages were promptly recorded in the order granted. The man was personally liable on both loans. The man moved into the house and made the necessary repairs. He later defaulted on the debt to the bank, and the bank initiated judicial foreclosure proceedings, naming both the man and the credit union as parties to the action. An outside party acquired the house at the foreclosure sale. After the expenses of the sale and the balance due the bank have been paid, $5,000 remains in the sale the bank have been paid, $5,000 remains in the sale proceeds. The outstanding balance of the credit union loan is $20,000. The man and the credit union both claim the $5,000. There is no applicable statute. Who is entitled to the $5,000?","score":1,"choices":["The credit union, because the man is personally liable on the debt.","The bank, because it initiated the foreclosure proceedings.","The man, because the outside party received title to the house subject to the second mortgage.","The man, because he was the original owner of the house.","The credit union, because the credit union has priority.","The man, because of his equitable right of redemption.","The outside party, because they purchased the house at the foreclosure sale.","The man, because he has made significant improvements to the property.","The credit union, because it provided the funds for the necessary repairs.","The credit union, because the man defaulted on the loan to the bank."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1742,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, including commercial speech, as long as it is not misleading or related to illegal activity. The Supreme Court has ruled that truthful information about legal activities, such as abortion services, is protected under the First Amendment. Therefore, a statute that criminalizes the dissemination of such information would likely be found unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man was arrested and convicted of publishing paid newspaper advertisements giving information on how to get an abortion in another state and how to find a referral service. A criminal statute made it a crime to disseminate such information. Will the courts uphold the conviction?","score":1,"choices":["No, the statute violates the First Amendment right to publish protected commercial speech.","Yes, the right to an abortion does not include the right to publicize where to get one.","Yes, the statute properly restricts speech that promotes unlawful activity.","No, the statute violates the Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures.","No, the statute violates the Fifth Amendment right to due process.","No, the statute violates the sixth amendment right to privacy.","No, the statute violates the Eighth Amendment prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment.","Yes, the right to an abortion does not include the right to advertise one.","Yes, the statute does not violate any constitutional rights.","Yes, there is no right to publish or disseminate speech that is commercial in nature."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1744,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is the concept of pre-existing duty rule in contract law, which states that performing a legal duty already owed under an existing contract does not constitute consideration for a new promise. The neighbor had a pre-existing duty to change the oil for $50, and the promise of an additional $25 does not create a new enforceable obligation because it lacks new consideration.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man needed to have the oil changed on his car. On Friday, he decided to take his car to the local dealership to have the oil changed and asked his neighbor if she would give him a ride home from the dealership. The neighbor said, \"Why pay the high prices a dealership will charge you? I can change the oil in your car for you. If you will agree to pay me $50, I'll change the oil in your car over the weekend. \" The man readily agreed. On Sunday afternoon, the man noticed that his neighbor still had not started working on the car. He asked his neighbor if the car would be ready for him to drive to work Monday morning. The neighbor replied, \"I thought about it and realized $50 is too low a price for the work involved. I don't think I'm going to change the oil in your car. \" The man then said, \"Look, I realize $50 is low for the work involved. If you can change the oil in my car by tomorrow morning, I'll pay you an additional $25. And I won't sue you in small claims court for your failure to perform your promise. \" The neighbor then changed the oil late Sunday afternoon, but the man refused to pay to the neighbor anything more than $50. In a suit by the neighbor to recover the additional $25 promised by the man, the neighbor will","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the neighbor had a pre-existing duty to change the oil in the car for $50.","win, because the second contract for $75 superseded the original $50 contract.","win, because the man willingly offered an additional $25 for the service.","win, because the man breached the verbal contract they had.","win, because she performed her part of the bargain.","win, because the man promised not to sue in small claims court.","lose, because the neighbor did not fulfill the initial agreement within the agreed timeframe.","lose, because the man's offer of an additional $25 was not legally binding."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1745,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court generally does not review cases where there is an adequate and independent state ground for the decision, meaning that the state court's decision rests on state law grounds that are sufficient to support the judgment, irrespective of any federal issue. In this case, the state Supreme Court found the statute unconstitutional based on both the federal and state Contracts Clauses. Since the state Constitution's Contracts Clause is similar to the federal one, and the decision can be supported solely on state constitutional grounds, there is an adequate and independent state ground for the decision.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state has recently enacted a statute prohibiting the sale of computer printer ink cartridges in plastic bags. In accordance with the new law, all ink cartridges within the state must be sold in paper cartons that are recyclable. Before the passage of the law, approximately 28% of all ink cartridges used in the state was packaged in plastic bags. Of that total, 75% of the ink cartridges was packaged outside the state, while 25% was packaged by companies in-state. The legislature passed the bill at the strong urging of the paper industry. It was estimated that one paper company alone spent over $5,000,000 in its lobbying campaign for the passage of the bill. Ironically, the new law even received strong support from environmentalists who believed that recyclable paper would help prevent littering. Assume that the state Supreme Court adjudges the law to be unconstitutional on the grounds that it violates the contracts clauses of both the federal and the state Constitutions. The contracts clause of the state Constitution is similar to the one in the federal Constitution. The court so held because, in its judgment, the statute retroactively impairs the ability of plastic bag packagers to honor their existing contracts for the sale of ink cartridges packaged in plastic bags. The state attorney general now seeks review of this decision in the U. S. Supreme Court. How should the U. S. Supreme Court rule on this case?","score":1,"choices":["Refuse to review this case on the merits because there is an adequate and independent state ground for the decision rendered below.","Affirm the decision on the merits with respect to the federal constitutional issue, but reverse the decision with respect to the state constitutional issue.","Reverse the decision on the merits with respect to the state constitutional issue because the federal constitutional holding rendered below makes such a state constitutional decision unnecessary.","Refuse to review the case because the state Supreme Court's decision does not conflict with any federal law or constitutional provision.","Affirm the decision on the merits with respect to the federal constitutional issue and abstain from reviewing the state constitutional issue.","Reverse the decision because the law does not retroactively impair the ability of plastic bag packagers to honor their existing contracts for the sale of ink cartridges packaged in plastic bags.","Affirm the decision on the merits with respect to the state constitutional issue and abstain from reviewing the federal constitutional issue.","Affirm the decision on the merits with respect to both the federal and state constitutional issues because the state constitution must substantially conform with the federal constitution on this issue.","Reverse the decision on the grounds that the state law does not violate the contracts clause of the federal Constitution.","Reverse the decision because the state law is a reasonable regulation of commerce and does not violate the contracts clauses of the federal and state constitutions."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1746,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, but this protection does not extend to obscene materials. However, the Supreme Court has established criteria (the Miller test) for determining what constitutes obscenity. One of the key components of this test is whether the material, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value. Therefore, if the materials in question consist of serious scientific studies of human sexual urges, they may not be considered obscene under the Miller test.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A state legislature has recently enacted an obscenity statute prohibiting \"the selling or offering for sale of any obscene printed or video materials. \" Following numerous complaints from a local citizens' group, the police entered an adult bookstore, examined materials on the shelves, and purchased magazines that depicted actual pictures of sexual intercourse. The owner was subsequently arrested and charged with violating the state obscenity law. At his trial, the owner's defense was that the sale of the materials complained of was constitutionally protected speech. Which of the following, if established, would be most helpful to the owner's defense?","score":1,"choices":["The bookstore had a strict policy against selling to minors.","The particular materials involved were sold to consenting adults only.","The particular materials involved consisted of serious scientific studies of human sexual urges.","The police did not have a search warrant when they entered the bookstore to purchase the particular materials involved in this obscenity prosecution.","The particular materials involved were part of a larger collection of non-explicit content.","The particular materials involved depicted normal, not deviant, sexual conduct.","The particular materials were imported and not produced in the state.","85% of the citizens of the state believe that the sale of sexually explicit material does not contribute to antisocial sexual behavior."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1747,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The employee was unable to place the bet at the specified casino due to it being temporarily closed, which was beyond his control. He then placed the bet at another gaming establishment nearby, fulfilling the primary purpose of the contract (placing a $10,000 bet on behalf of the businessman). Given that he made a reasonable effort to fulfill the contract's intent under unforeseen circumstances, this would likely be seen as substantial performance rather than a material breach. Substantial performance occurs when a party has performed enough of the contract to warrant payment, albeit with some minor deviations.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A businessman living was an avid baseball fan who frequently traveled to a casino and placed wagers on baseball games. One October, his beloved baseball team was playing in the playoffs and he wanted to place a large bet on his team. He told one of his employees that he wanted to bet $10,000 on his team to win the championship, but that he did not have the time to travel to the casino to place the bet. He then told his employee that he wanted the employee to travel to the casino and place the bet for him. The businessman and the employee agreed that the employee would travel to the casino, place a $10,000 bet for the businessman and then immediately return. In exchange, the employee would be paid $500. The parties reduced this agreement to writing. After the agreement was signed, the businessman handed the employee $10,000 and a round-trip airline ticket. The businessman then told the employee that he would be paid $500 after the employee returned. The employee arrived the next day and immediately went to the casino. There he noticed that the marquis in the parking lot was unlit and covered in a banner that read, \"Casino Temporarily Closed Due to Renovations. \" Unable to reach the businessman by telephone, the employee placed the bet at another gaming establishment located next door to the casino. The following morning, the employee flew back and gave the betting receipt to the businessman. When the businessman saw that the bet had been made at another gaming establishment, he angrily told the employee, \"I purposely directed you to wager that $10,000 at the casino. Since you failed to follow my instructions, the deal's off. \" As a result, the businessman refused to pay the employee the $500. If the employee initiates suit for breach of contract, the court will most likely determine that placing the $10,000 wager at the other gaming establishment, rather than at the casino, constituted a","score":1,"choices":["discharge by impossibility.","constructive condition precedent that was substantially performed.","modification.","material breach of contract.","minor breach of contract.","constructive condition subsequent.","discharge by impracticability.","breach of contract.","discharge by frustration of purpose.","anticipatory repudiation."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1748,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The parol evidence rule generally prohibits the introduction of extrinsic evidence to vary or contradict the terms of a written contract that appears to be whole (integrated). However, evidence of trade usage can be admissible to explain or supplement the terms of a contract, even if it contains a merger clause, provided it does not contradict an unambiguous term. In this case, the term \"2,000 sets\" could be ambiguous as to whether it means 2,000 individual pieces or 2,000 sets of cups and saucers. Therefore, evidence of trade usage may be admissible to clarify this ambiguity.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A ceramics studio contracted with an artist to produce cups and saucers designed by the artist. The artist was an established designer of collectible ceramic dinnerware, and the studio did production work for many artists who created ceramic dinnerware. The price and quantity term of the contract read: \"2,000 sets of the cups and saucers at $5 each, payable on delivery.\" The contract contained a merger clause. The studio produced the cups and saucers and delivered them along with a bill for $20,000 (4,000 pieces at $5 per piece). The artist refused to pay more than $10,000 (2,000 sets at $5 per set). At the trial of the studio's action against the artist for breach of contract, the studio introduced evidence of an established practice in the studio industry to price cup-and-saucer sets on a per-piece, not a per-set, basis. Is the studio's evidence admissible?","score":1,"choices":["No, because such evidence would vary an unambiguous term of the contract.","No, because the evidence would contradict the explicit terms of the contract.","Yes, because evidence of trade usage is always admissible.","Yes, because the usage of trade is offered to give meaning to the contract.","No, because the contract contained a merger clause which makes extrinsic evidence inadmissible.","Yes, because the studio's interpretation of the contract aligns with the industry practice.","Yes, because the court should consider industry norms in interpreting the contract.","No, because the agreement was completely integrated.","No, because the artist was unaware of the industry practice.","Yes, because the evidence of established industry practice may explain the ambiguity in the contract."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1749,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. When an employer breaches a contract, the employee is generally entitled to recover the amount they would have earned under the contract, minus any amounts they could have earned through reasonable efforts to mitigate damages. The mason was offered a night guard position at $25,000 and could have earned up to $25,000 as a day laborer. The mason's refusal to take either of these positions does not negate his right to damages but does affect the calculation of those damages.\n\nThe mason is entitled to the contract price of $45,000 minus the $25,000 he could have earned in other employment (as a day laborer), which he did not take.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A brick mason was hired by a builder under a written one-year contract, at an annual salary of $45,000, with employment to begin on March 1. Because the builder was unable to secure enough building contracts to keep all its employees busy during the season beginning March 1, it notified the brick mason on February 15 that it could not afford to employ him as a mason. At the same time, however, the builder offered to employ the mason, for the same contract period, as a night guard at an annual salary of $25,000. The mason declined the offer and remained unemployed during the year. No offer and remained unemployed during the year. No employment for brick masons was available in the community during the year, but the mason could have obtained other employment as a day laborer that would have paid up to $25,000 a year. At the end of the year, in an action against the builder for breach of contract, how much, if anything, is the mason entitled to recover?","score":0,"choices":["$20,000 (the difference between the mason's contract price and the salary offered for the night guard position).","$45,000 (the contract price).","Nothing, because the mason turned down a reasonable alternative employment offer.","Nothing, because the mason did not mitigate his damages.","$20,000 (the $45,000 contract price less the $25,000 the mason could have earned in other employment).","$45,000 plus damages for emotional distress.","Nothing, because the builder did not act in bad faith when it discharged the mason.","$25,000 (the amount he could have earned as a day laborer).","$45,000 minus any unemployment benefits the mason received during the year.","$25,000 (the amount he could have earned as a night guard)."],"correct":"B","answer":"E"}
{"number":1750,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The rules of evidence generally allow questioning a witness about matters that affect their credibility, but not about unrelated personal habits unless they directly relate to the case or the witness's ability to observe or recall events. In this scenario, feeding pigeons and being ticketed for it does not directly relate to the witness's credibility or ability to observe the murder. Therefore, the trial court is likely to find that such questions have no probative value regarding the credibility of the witness or the guilt of the defendant.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A witness sees a murder in the park and is called to testify in the criminal case. Can the defense attorney ask her on cross examination about her habit of feeding the pigeons? The defense knows that she was cited several times for illegally feeding the pigeons. Defense counsel tries to ask, \"You have a longtime habit of feeding the pigeons, don't you? You have in fact been ticketed several times for feeding pigeons, haven't you, and yet you persisted in doing it, isn't that so?\" Will the trial court likely allow the witness to be questioned on these matters?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the statement indicates that the witness' attention was always focused on feeding the pigeons.","No, because the witness's actions outside of the crime scene have no bearing on their ability to testify.","Yes, because the defense has the right to question a witness about any topic.","No, because the defense is attempting to discredit the witness in an unrelated matter.","No, because a witness can never be asked about personal prior bad acts.","Yes, because the act of feeding pigeons could potentially distract the witness from accurately observing the events.","No, because the question has no probative value regarding the credibility of the witness or the guilt of the defendant.","Yes, because feeding pigeons in the park and persisting in it after being ticketed may show an antisocial trait of the witness.","Yes, because it demonstrates a pattern of breaking the law, which may affect the witness's credibility."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1751,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The First Amendment's establishment clause prohibits the government from making any law \"respecting an establishment of religion.\" This means that the government cannot fund religious activities or institutions in a way that promotes or endorses religion. The statute in question allocates state funds to pay for teachers' salaries in private schools, which could include religious schools, thus potentially violating the establishment clause. The Fourteenth Amendment makes the First Amendment applicable to the states.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A state enacts a statute that will allocate funds generated by state taxes to pay for one-half of the annual salaries of teachers in private schools, whether the schools are public or private, as long as the schools satisfy the requirements established by the United States Department of Education. In an action brought by several state taxpayers, all avowed atheists, to challenge the constitutionality of the statute, the enactment will most likely be declared","score":1,"choices":["unconstitutional, as violative of the First Amendment's establishment clause.","constitutional, as nonviolative of the First Amendment's establishment clause.","constitutional, as nonviolative of the Fifth Amendment's due process clause.","constitutional, as nonviolative of the First Amendment's free exercise clause.","unconstitutional, as violative of the Fourteenth Amendment's equal protection clause.","constitutional, as being within the area of compelling state interest.","constitutional, as being within the area of legitimate state interest.","unconstitutional, as violative of the First Amendment's free exercise clause.","unconstitutional, as violative of the Fifth Amendment's due process clause.","unconstitutional, as violative of the First Amendment's establishment clause as applicable through the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1752,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The ordinance in question seems to be a content-based restriction on speech, which typically faces strict scrutiny under the First Amendment. Arguments related to freedom of expression, equal protection, and due process are strong because they directly address constitutional protections. However, some arguments are inherently weaker because they do not directly address constitutional principles or legal standards.\n\n- Option A addresses due process but might be weak if the city can show a legitimate interest in noise control.\n- Option B addresses discrimination against non-religious individuals, which is a strong argument.\n- Option C addresses fairness but does not directly relate to constitutional protections.\n- Option D addresses equal protection, which is a strong argument.\n- Option E is weak because celebrating a victory does not have specific constitutional protection.\n- Option F addresses freedom of expression, which is a strong argument.\n- Option G is similar to B and D but framed differently.\n- Option H is weak because cultural importance is subjective and not a strong legal argument.\n- Option I is weak because special occasions do not exempt one from laws unless specified.\n- Option J addresses vagueness and overbreadth, which are strong legal arguments.\n\nConsidering these points, the weakest argument would be one that does not directly invoke constitutional protections or established legal standards.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A city enacted an ordinance prohibiting the singing and chanting of songs from 1:00P. M. to 1:00A. M. by two or more persons if such noise is audible off the premises where the singing takes place. The ordinance expressly exempted from its purview the singing or chanting of religious songs. After the ordinance was enacted and went into effect, several college students were walking down the street on their way to a victory celebration following a big college football game. They began loudly chanting, \"We're number 1. . . we're number 1. \" One of the residents who lived on the street was greatly disturbed by the noise and reported the incident to the police, who were immediately summoned to the scene. The students who engaged in the chanting were arrested and charged with violating the ordinance. The students who were prosecuted now bring suit challenging the constitutionality of the city ordinance. Which of the following would constitute their WEAKEST argument against enforcement of the city ordinance?","score":0,"choices":["The ordinance deprives persons of their liberty without due process of law because the ordinance is not related to any legitimate community interest.","The ordinance is unjust as it discriminates against those who are not religious.","The ordinance is not fair because it only applies to two or more persons, thus single individuals can create noise without consequence.","The ordinance deprives the persons of the equal protection of the laws by impermissibly distinguishing between religiously inspired singing and all forms of singing.","The ordinance directly contradicts the students' right to celebrate their college's victory.","The ordinance deprives persons of their freedom of expression, in violation of the First andFourteenth Amendments.","The ordinance is biased against persons who can't sing or chant religious songs.","The ordinance is invalid as it fails to consider the cultural importance of chanting and singing in a group.","The ordinance is not applicable because it was after a football game, a special occasion.","The statutory language of the ordinance is vague and overbroad since it attempts to encompass all forms of singing."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1753,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under common law, murder is defined as the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought. Malice aforethought can be express (intent to kill) or implied (depraved heart). In this case, the man pointed a loaded gun at his friend and held his finger on the trigger, which demonstrates a reckless disregard for human life (depraved-heart murder). The fact that the gun discharged accidentally due to the bystander's intervention does not negate the man's initial reckless conduct.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A man allowed his friend to borrow a debit card to buy a computer. When the friend refused to return the card during a later conversation in a bar, the man pointed a handgun at the friend, held his finger on the trigger, and said, \"Give it back!\" A bystander screamed and threw a beer bottle at the man. The bottle struck the man's hand and caused the gun to discharge, killing the friend instantly. The man was convicted of murder in a jurisdiction that follows the common law of homicide. On appeal, he argues that the evidence, which essentially set out the facts above, was insufficient to support a verdict of murder. Should the man's conviction be reversed?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the evidence was sufficient to support a verdict of intentional murder.","No, because the evidence was sufficient to support a verdict of depraved-heart murder.","Yes, because the evidence showed that the discharge of the gun was accidental.","Yes, because the man was acting in self-defense after being attacked by the bystander.","Yes, because the evidence showed that the man was provoked by his friend's refusal to return the debit card.","No, because the evidence was sufficient to support a verdict of premeditated murder.","No, because the evidence was sufficient to support a verdict of felony murder.","Yes, because the evidence showed that the man did not intentionally pull the trigger.","Yes, because the evidence showed that the man's intent was not to kill the friend, but to take property from him under a claim of right."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1754,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A condition precedent is an event that must occur before a party is obligated to perform a contractual duty. In this case, the seller's promise to lend $50,000 is contingent upon the developer signing a contract with a builder for the construction of the shopping center. Therefore, the signing of the construction contract is a condition precedent to the seller's duty to lend the money.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"After learning that a new housing development was about to be built, a developer began looking for property near the housing development on which he could build a shopping center. After an extensive search, he purchased a three-acre undeveloped tract of land for the purpose of developing a small shopping center. At the time the sale was finalized, the developer told his plans to the seller of the three-acre tract, and also mentioned that he was worried whether he had sufficient funds to complete the project. The seller agreed to lend money to the developer to allow for completion of the project. The seller then wrote out the following contract:\"In order to help the developer with his plans for development of a shopping center on the three- acre tract he has this day purchased from me, I will lend him $50,000 at 10 percent interest provided he signs a contract with a builder for construction of the shopping center on this tract. Repayment to me at the rate of $5,000 per year to be secured by a mortgage on the three-acre tract. \"Both parties then signed the contract. The seller's promise to lend $50,000 to the developer is","score":0,"choices":["a condition precedent to the developer's duty to construct the shopping center.","a condition subsequent to the developer's duty to enter into a building construction contract.","not a condition, either precedent or subsequent, to the developer's duty to enter into a building construction contract.","a condition subsequent in form but precedent in substance to the seller's duty to lend the $50,000.","a condition precedent in form but subsequent in substance to the developer's duty to enter into a building construction contract.","a condition subsequent to the seller's duty to lend the $50,000.","a condition subsequent in form but precedent in substance to the developer's duty to enter into a building construction contract.","a condition precedent to the developer's duty to repay the loan.","not a condition, either precedent or subsequent, to the seller's duty to lend the $50,000.","a condition precedent in form but subsequent in substance to the developer's duty to repay the loan."],"correct":"E","answer":"A"}
{"number":1755,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law and employment law for help. The best argument would be one that challenges the enforceability of the fine itself. In contract law, penalties are generally unenforceable if they do not represent a reasonable estimate of actual damages. The restaurant's policy imposes a fine as a penalty rather than as a measure of actual damages incurred by the restaurant due to the employee's smoking. Therefore, the woman's strongest argument is that the nonsmoking provision concerning disciplinary action is unenforceable because it attempts to impose a penalty instead of reasonably liquidating the damages.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A woman was hired by a restaurant as a cashier under an at-will employment contract. On the woman's first day at work, she noticed a sign in the kitchen area that read:\"IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL EMPLOYEESEmployees are not permitted to smoke during working hours. Any employee who is found to be in violation of this policy will be fined $50 for the first offense; $100 for the second offense; and fired for the third violation. \"The woman, who was a smoker, read the notice, but did not object or make any comment regarding the restaurant's nonsmoking policy. For six months, the woman worked at the restaurant and never smoked during business hours. One afternoon, the woman was working when an armed robber stormed into the restaurant. He pointed a pistol at the woman and demanded all the money from the cash register. Frightened and panic stricken, the woman handed over the money and then collapsed. Moments later, she regained consciousness and then smoked a cigarette while she regained her composure. Thereafter, the woman resumed her duties for the rest of the day. The next week, however, when the woman received her pay check, she noticed that the restaurant had deducted $50 from her check. A note was attached indicating that the woman was being fined for smoking during business hours. Although the woman protested, the restaurant refused to make any waiver and stood by its policy. In an action by the woman against the restaurant to recover the $50, which of the following is the best argument in the woman's favor?","score":1,"choices":["The woman was not given a warning before the fine was implemented, which goes against standard disciplinary procedures.","The woman was not properly informed of the nonsmoking policy upon her hire, rendering the fine invalid.","The nonsmoking provision concerning disciplinary action is unenforceable, because it attempts to impose a penalty instead of reasonably liquidating the damages, if any, sustained by the restaurant.","The restaurant's nonsmoking policy violates the woman's right to smoke, which is protected under the law.","The nonsmoking provision is discriminatory as it does not take into account the personal habits or needs of the employees.","The restaurant violated the woman's rights by imposing a fine without giving her a chance to defend herself.","The restaurant impliedly waived the nonsmoking provision by permitting the woman to continue working for the rest of the day.","The restaurant's nonsmoking policy concerned a collateral matter that was not incorporated within the terms of their employment contract.","The nonsmoking provision constituted a constructive condition subsequent that was excused because of temporary impracticability."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1756,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In legal proceedings, the admissibility of evidence, including statements such as dying declarations, is typically determined by the judge. The judge decides whether the statement meets the legal criteria for admissibility before it is presented to the jury. This ensures that only legally permissible evidence is considered by the jury in their deliberations.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A victim was standing on a street corner waiting to make a drug buy. The drug dealer was always late, so the victim continued to wait outside in the freezing cold weather because he needed a quick fix. Suddenly a car rounded the street corner and a shot rang out. The victim slumped over and fell to the sidewalk. Immediately after being shot and before he died, the victim exclaimed, \"The defendant did it!\" The defendant was indicted and is now on trial for the victim's murder. Based on these facts alone, the admissibility of the victim's statement should be determined by","score":1,"choices":["the jury, after a preliminary determination by the judge.","the jury, without a preliminary determination by the judge.","the judge, only after consultation with a legal expert.","the judge, with instruction to the jury that it may consider the dying declaration if it determines that the victim knew he was dying.","the police department that conducted the initial investigation.","the jury, with instruction from the judge that it may disregard the dying declaration if it determines the victim was under duress.","the jury, with a requirement to cross-examine the statement with other presented evidence.","the judge, without assistance from the jury.","a third-party mediator, to prevent any bias."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1757,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The revival of natural law in the 20th century is closely linked to the international recognition of human rights after World War II. The atrocities committed during the war led to a renewed emphasis on universal moral principles and inherent human rights, which are central tenets of natural law theory.\nAnswer: C","question":"Which of the following factors contributed significantly to the revival of natural law in the 20th century?","score":1,"choices":["The end of the Cold War","The Bolshevik Revolution","The international recognition of human rights after World War II","The invention of the Internet","The rise of Fascism","The rise of Communism in China","Depression of the 1930","The advent of the Industrial Revolution"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1758,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. John Austin's theory of law, also known as the \"command theory,\" posits that law is a command issued by a sovereign, backed by a sanction in case of non-compliance. The key attributes in Austin's theory are command, sovereign, and sanction.\nAnswer: G","question":"Point out the most accurate response : According to Austin, law has the following attributes :","score":1,"choices":["Command, sovereign and legal remedy","Command, sovereign and authority","Command, sovereign and legal enforcement","Command, sovereign and legal responsibility","Command, sovereign and obedience by subject","Command, sovereign and enforceability","Command, sovereign and sanction","Command, sovereign and compliance"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1759,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. Justiciability refers to the ability of a subject matter to be reviewed and adjudicated by a court of law. It involves the availability of legal remedies and whether a court has the authority to provide a resolution.\nAnswer: D","question":"What is the meaning of justiciability?","score":0,"choices":["Justiciability refers to the limitation of a State to enforce a particular right","Justiciability refers to the ethical implications of a particular right","Justiciability refers to the just nature or cause of a particular right","Justiciability refers to the availability of legal remedies for a particular right","Justiciability refers to the obligation of a State to enforce a particular Right","Justiciability refers to the legal interpretation of a particular right","Justiciability refers to the public perception of a particular right","Justiciability refers to the courts' assessment of whether the non-enforcement of a particular rights conforms to principles of justice","Justiciability refers to the political implications of a particular right","Justiciability refers to the possibility of enforcement of a particular right by the relevant rights holders"],"correct":"J","answer":"D"}
{"number":1760,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international relations for help. Responsibility to Protect (R2P) is a global political commitment endorsed by all member states of the United Nations at the 2005 World Summit to prevent genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing, and crimes against humanity. R2P is less arbitrary because it requires some input from the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) and its primary objective is to avert a humanitarian crisis. Humanitarian intervention, on the other hand, does not necessarily require UNSC approval and can be more arbitrary in nature.\nAnswer: A","question":"In what way is Responsibility to Protect (R2P) different from humanitarian intervention?","score":1,"choices":["R2P is less arbitrary because it requires some UNSC input and its primary objective is to avert a humanitarian crisis","R2P always involves economic sanctions, whereas humanitarian intervention does not","R2P is essentially the same as humanitarian intervention","R2P requires a call for assistance by the State in distress","R2P always involves armed force, whereas humanitarian intervention does not","Humanitarian intervention is essentially the same as R2P","Humanitarian intervention always requires UNSC approval while R2P does not","Humanitarian intervention requires a call for assistance by the State in distress while R2P does not","R2P is more arbitrary because it does not require UNSC input","R2P is a broader concept that includes economic sanctions, whereas humanitarian intervention is strictly military"],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1761,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The Lotus principle originates from the Permanent Court of International Justice's decision in the Lotus case (France v. Turkey, 1927). The principle asserts that \"restrictions upon the independence of States cannot therefore be presumed,\" meaning that in international law, what is not explicitly prohibited is permitted.\nAnswer: G","question":"What is the 'Lotus principle'?","score":1,"choices":["The so-called Lotus principle is that customary law is superior to treaty law","The so-called Lotus principle is that States have the right to intervene in the internal affairs of other States if it concerns their national security","The so-called Lotus principle is that States are permitted to apply their own domestic laws in disputes with other States","The so-called Lotus principle is that international law governs the relations between States and not the relations between individuals.","The so-called Lotus principle is that States have unlimited jurisdiction over their own citizens, regardless of where they are located","The so-called Lotus principle is that States are free to ignore international law as long as they don't infringe on the sovereignty of other States","The so-called Lotus principle is that 'restrictions upon the independence of States cannot therefore be presumed', or, as it has been construed, 'whatever is not prohibited is permitted in international law'","The so-called Lotus principle is that States are not prohibited to assert their enforcement jurisdiction on the high seas","The so-called Lotus principle is that customary law derives from the combination of State practice and opinio juris","The so-called Lotus principle is that States are free to choose the Court that they will submit their disputes"],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1762,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. National courts and international tribunals operate under different frameworks. National courts are governed by the laws of their respective countries, while international tribunals are governed by international treaties and agreements. Although there may be some overlap in principles, the jurisdiction of international tribunals is primarily dictated by their founding treaties or statutes.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"Is the jurisdiction of international tribunals regulated by the same principles applicable to national courts?","score":1,"choices":["The jurisdictional principles applicable to national courts are also common to international tribunals","The jurisdiction of all international tribunals is regulated by the UN Security Council","International tribunals share some, but not all, of the jurisdictional principles applicable to national courts","The jurisdiction of international tribunals is dictated solely by their founding treaties"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1763,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. According to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, a reservation is invalid if it is incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty. This principle ensures that reservations do not undermine the fundamental aspects of the treaty.\nAnswer: D","question":"When a reservation is considered as invalid under the law of treaties?","score":1,"choices":["A reservation is invalid when the majority of the State parties objects to it","A reservation is invalid only when an international tribunal says so","A reservation is invalid only when is incompatible with a peremptory norm of international law (jus cogens)","A reservation is invalid when it is incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1764,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on employment law for help. Employment agreements are generally enforceable if they are reasonable and not against public policy. However, non-competition clauses are often scrutinized to ensure they are reasonable in scope, duration, and geographic area. Courts may find a non-competition clause unenforceable if it is too restrictive. Additionally, penalty clauses (liquidated damages) must be a reasonable estimate of actual damages and not punitive.\n\nGiven these principles, the agreement is likely enforceable in terms of salary and termination provisions because they are standard contractual terms. The $1,500 penalty clause might be seen as punitive rather than a reasonable estimate of damages, making it potentially unenforceable. The non-competition clause could also be deemed overly restrictive depending on the jurisdiction's standards for reasonableness.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An employee worked for a hardware company in a city under an at-will-employment arrangement that paid the employee a monthly salary of $2,000. After two years, the owner of the hardware store told the employee it was time for them to enter into a more formalized employment agreement. The owner and the employee then both signed a written agreement drafted by the owner, whereby the employee agreed to work for a salary of $3,000 per month. The agreement further specified that either party had a right to terminate the contract by giving 60- days' notice to the other. Moreover, the agreement stipulated that if the employee's employment at the hardware store should be terminated, he would not be able to engage in any aspect of the hardware business for a period of two years within a 50-mile radius of the city. Finally, the agreement stated that should the employee violate this agreement, he would be liable to the hardware company for $1,500. The written agreement between the owner and the employee would most likely be held","score":0,"choices":["enforceable only with respect to the salary and termination provisions.","enforceable only with respect to the salary provision.","enforceable only with respect to the $1,500 penalty clause.","enforceable only with respect to the termination provision.","enforceable in all respects, except with regard to the $1,500 penalty clause.","enforceable only with respect to the non-competition clause.","enforceable in all respects, except with regard to the non-competition clause.","unenforceable in all respects.","enforceable in all respects, except with regard to the salary provision.","enforceable in all respects."],"correct":"A","answer":"E"}
{"number":1765,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The initial offer was revoked by the art collector before the woman accepted it, which means the original offer of $10,000 was no longer valid when she attempted to accept it. However, during their telephone conversation on April 10, they agreed on a new price of $15,000 for the painting. This new agreement supersedes the initial offer and creates a binding contract at the new price.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An art collector attended a party on March 15. At the party, the art collector was describing his collection to a woman in attendance. When the art collector described a painting by a well-known artist, the woman indicated she might like to buy that painting. The art collector said, \"I'll sell you the painting for $10,000. I'll give you 30 days to decide whether you want the painting. \" On March 25, the art collector wrote to the woman and stated that the offer of March 15 was withdrawn. The woman received the March 25 letter on March 26. On March 27, the woman wrote the art collector the following letter:\"Please be advised that I hereby accept your offer of March 15. \" The art collector received this letter on March28. Thereafter, the art collector and the woman engaged in several telephone discussions. On April 10, the woman, in a telephone conversation, told the art collector that she would pay $15,000 if the painting was delivered on or before April 15. The art collector agreed to deliver the painting for $15,000. On April 15, the art collector tendered the painting, but the woman refused to pay more than $10,000. If the art collector asserts a claim against the woman for breach of contract, which of the following is the most accurate statement?","score":0,"choices":["An enforceable contract does not exist between the parties, because of mutual mistake of fact.","There is no enforceable contract, because the woman did not accept the initial offer in writing.","The art collector is obligated to sell the woman the painting for $10,000, because the woman, as offeree, had the right to accept the initial offer within the 30-day period.","The art collector is obligated to sell the painting for $10,000 as the woman accepted the original offer before it was revoked.","The woman is obligated to pay the art collector $10,000, because the art collector did not properly revoke the initial offer.","Since the parties entered into a subsequent modification, the woman is obligated to pay the art collector $15,000 for the painting.","The woman is not obligated to pay any amount, because the initial offer was not legally binding.","The woman is obligated to pay $15,000, because she agreed to this price during their telephone conversation on April 10.","The woman is obligated to pay $15,000 as the new agreement made on April 10 supersedes the initial offer.","Since the art collector, as offeror, had the power to revoke the original offer before acceptance, the woman is obligated under the terms of their April 10 agreement."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1766,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. For a covenant not to compete to be enforceable, it generally must be supported by adequate consideration. In this case, the employer argues that continued employment constitutes adequate consideration. Courts have often held that continued employment can serve as sufficient consideration for a non-compete agreement, especially if the employee remains employed for a substantial period after signing the agreement.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"An employer and employee had an employment contract that contained an \"at will\" provision allowing either party to terminate the employment upon reasonable notice. One year later, the employer had the employee sign a covenant not to compete for a two-year period after termination. Two years later, the employee quit and went to work for a competitor company. The prior employer sued, asking for a preliminary injunction to enforce the covenant. The employee argued that the covenant was invalid because no consideration passed to her Â€Â“ she could be fired at any time and did not receive anything for signing. The employer argued that it provided her with continued employment when it did not have to do so. Does the employer have a legal right to enforce the covenant?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the employer's providing of continued employment for a substantial period after signing the covenant is adequate consideration.","Yes, because modification of an existing contract does not require consideration.","Yes, because the courts never question the adequacy of consideration in an agreement.","No, because there was inadequate consideration for the covenant."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1767,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, consideration is a necessary element for a contract to be enforceable. Continued employment can be considered adequate consideration if it is substantial and not merely illusory. Courts have generally held that continued employment for a significant period after signing a non-compete agreement can be deemed adequate consideration.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An employer and employee had an employment contract that contained an \"at will\" provision allowing either party to terminate the employment upon reasonable notice. One year later, the employer had the employee sign a covenant not to compete for a two-year period after termination. Two years later, the employee quit and went to work for a competitor company. The prior employer sued, asking for a preliminary injunction to enforce the covenant. The employee argued that the covenant was invalid because no consideration passed to her Â€Â“ she could be fired at any time and did not receive anything for signing. The employer argued that it provided her with continued employment when it did not have to do so. Does the employer have a legal right to enforce the covenant?","score":1,"choices":["No, because there was inadequate consideration for the covenant.","No, because the employee didn't receive additional compensation for the covenant.","Yes, because the employer's providing of continued employment for a substantial period after signing the covenant is adequate consideration.","Yes, because the covenant was signed voluntarily by the employee.","No, because the \"at will\" provision in the initial contract negates the enforceability of the covenant.","Yes, because the employer has a right to protect its business interests.","Yes, because the courts never question the adequacy of consideration in an agreement.","Yes, because modification of an existing contract does not require consideration.","Yes, because the covenant was part of the original employment contract.","No, because the covenant is unreasonable and therefore unenforceable."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1768,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The parol evidence rule generally prevents parties from presenting extrinsic evidence of terms that contradict, modify, or vary the written terms of a contract. However, the option agreement is part of the written lease and not an extrinsic term. The farmer's failure to survey the tract does not excuse him from obligations under the contract; it may be a breach but does not invalidate the option. The description of the property being too indefinite could be a valid defense if it cannot be determined which 10 acres are subject to the option. Finally, an option typically requires separate consideration to be enforceable unless it is part of a larger transaction supported by consideration.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A farmer owned a 40-acre tract of farmland located in a small southern town. The farmer leased the property and building thereon to a tenant for a term of seven years commencing on February 15, 2000 and terminating at 12:00 noon on February 15, 2007. The lease contained the following provision:\"Lessee covenants to pay the rent of $5,000 per month on the 15th day of each month and to keep the building situated upon said leased premises in as good repair as it was at the time of said lease until the expiration thereof. \" The lease also contained a provision giving the tenant the option to purchase 10 acres of the tract for $150,000 at the expiration of the lease term. Before the lease was executed, the farmer orally promised the tenant that he (the farmer) would have the 10-acre tract surveyed. During the last year of the lease, the tenant decided to exercise the option to purchase the 10 acres of the tract. Without the farmer's knowledge, the tenant began to build an irrigation ditch across the northern section of the property. When the tenant notified the farmer that he planned to exercise the option, the farmer refused to perform. The farmer also informed the tenant that he never had the 10-acre tract surveyed. If the tenant brings suit for specific performance, which of the following is the farmer's best defense?","score":1,"choices":["The option agreement was unenforceable under the parol evidence rule.","The farmer's failure to survey the 10-acre tract excused him from further obligations under the contract.","The description of the property was too indefinite to permit the remedy sought.","The option was unenforceable because it lacked separate consideration."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1769,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Specific performance is an equitable remedy in contract law, requiring the breaching party to perform the contract, rather than simply paying damages. For specific performance to be granted, the terms of the contract must be clear and definite.\n\nThe best defense for the farmer would be that the description of the property was too indefinite to permit the remedy sought. The option to purchase 10 acres without a specific survey or clear boundaries makes it difficult to enforce specific performance because it is not clear which 10 acres are being referred to.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A farmer owned a 40-acre tract of farmland located in a small southern town. The farmer leased the property and building thereon to a tenant for a term of seven years commencing on February 15, 2000 and terminating at 12:00 noon on February 15, 2007. The lease contained the following provision:\"Lessee covenants to pay the rent of $5,000 per month on the 15th day of each month and to keep the building situated upon said leased premises in as good repair as it was at the time of said lease until the expiration thereof. \" The lease also contained a provision giving the tenant the option to purchase 10 acres of the tract for $150,000 at the expiration of the lease term. Before the lease was executed, the farmer orally promised the tenant that he (the farmer) would have the 10-acre tract surveyed. During the last year of the lease, the tenant decided to exercise the option to purchase the 10 acres of the tract. Without the farmer's knowledge, the tenant began to build an irrigation ditch across the northern section of the property. When the tenant notified the farmer that he planned to exercise the option, the farmer refused to perform. The farmer also informed the tenant that he never had the 10-acre tract surveyed. If the tenant brings suit for specific performance, which of the following is the farmer's best defense?","score":1,"choices":["The option was unenforceable because it was not included in the written lease.","The option agreement was unenforceable under the parol evidence rule.","The option to purchase was not exercised within the term of the lease.","The tenant failed to pay the full amount of rent as required by the lease.","The farmer's promise to survey the tract was an unfulfilled condition precedent to the tenant's right to purchase.","The farmer never consented to the tenant's exercise of the option.","The tenant's construction of an irrigation ditch constituted a material breach of the lease.","The description of the property was too indefinite to permit the remedy sought.","The farmer's failure to survey the 10-acre tract excused him from further obligations under the contract.","The option was unenforceable because it lacked separate consideration."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1770,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In this scenario, the employee was acting within the scope of his employment when the accident occurred. Generally, under the doctrine of respondeat superior, an employer is vicariously liable for the negligent acts of its employees committed within the scope of their employment. However, since the jurisdiction allows claims for contribution and indemnity, the furniture store can seek to recover from the employee.\n\nIndemnity allows one party (the furniture store) to recover the full amount of damages from another party (the employee) who was actually at fault. Since the employee's negligence caused the accident, the furniture store can recover the full amount of $25,000 from the employee.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A furniture store had a truck that an employee of the store used to deliver furniture to the store's customers. One afternoon while the employee was driving the truck to deliver a chair to a customer, the employee negligently ran through a stop sign and hit a car. The driver of the car suffered a leg injury and succeeded in suing the furniture store, recovering $25,000. Assume that all of these events occur in a jurisdiction that has statutes permitting defendants to bring claims for contribution and indemnity. In the event that the furniture store brings suit against its employee (the truck driver) to recover for its losses, the furniture store will recover","score":1,"choices":["$15,000, because the employee and the furniture store share 60-40 responsibility for the accident.","$25,000, unless the furniture store was fully insured against such losses.","nothing, because the furniture store should have maintained the truck in a safer condition.","$25,000, because the employee was at fault in causing the accident.","nothing, because the furniture store was primarily liable for the entire amount of damages.","$12,500, unless the furniture store had provided proper training to the employee.","nothing, because the employee was not acting negligently.","the full amount, only if the employee has sufficient personal insurance coverage.","$12,500, because the employer and employee bear equal shares of responsibility for the plaintiff's injuries.","nothing, because the employee was acting within the scope of his employment."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1771,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In this scenario, the employee was acting within the scope of his employment when the accident occurred. Under the doctrine of respondeat superior, an employer is vicariously liable for the negligent acts of its employees committed within the scope of their employment. However, since the jurisdiction allows claims for contribution and indemnity, the furniture store can seek to recover from the employee. Given that the employee was at fault in causing the accident, the furniture store can recover the full amount of $25,000 from the employee.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A furniture store had a truck that an employee of the store used to deliver furniture to the store's customers. One afternoon while the employee was driving the truck to deliver a chair to a customer, the employee negligently ran through a stop sign and hit a car. The driver of the car suffered a leg injury and succeeded in suing the furniture store, recovering $25,000. Assume that all of these events occur in a jurisdiction that has statutes permitting defendants to bring claims for contribution and indemnity. In the event that the furniture store brings suit against its employee (the truck driver) to recover for its losses, the furniture store will recover","score":1,"choices":["$15,000, because the employee and the furniture store share 60-40 responsibility for the accident.","$25,000, unless the furniture store was fully insured against such losses.","nothing, because the furniture store should have maintained the truck in a safer condition.","$25,000, because the employee was at fault in causing the accident.","nothing, because the furniture store was primarily liable for the entire amount of damages.","$12,500, unless the furniture store had provided proper training to the employee.","nothing, because the employee was not acting negligently.","the full amount, only if the employee has sufficient personal insurance coverage.","$12,500, because the employer and employee bear equal shares of responsibility for the plaintiff's injuries.","nothing, because the employee was acting within the scope of his employment."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1772,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on adverse possession for help. Adverse possession requires continuous and open possession of property without the permission of the true owner. In this case, the tenant's adverse possession would begin when he stopped paying rent and continued to occupy the property without permission, which is when he began possessing the property adversely to the interests of the true owner.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"In 1985, a widow, the undisputed owner of a cottage, leased it to a tenant for a term of seven years. Rent was to be paid in installments due on the first day of each month. One year later, in 1986, the widow died leaving no heirs. In her will, the widow left her entire estate to the Boy Scouts of America. The cottage was not specifically mentioned in the will. One month after the widow died, the tenant, having learned of her death, decided to remain on the property, but stopped paying rent. The Boy Scouts of America organization was unaware that the widow made a gift to the organization until 2009, when attorneys for the organization conducted an inventory of testamentary gifts to the Boy Scouts of America, which revealed that they had a claim to ownership of the cottage. The statutory period for adverse possession in this jurisdiction is 20 years. The tenant's statutory period for adverse possession began to run when","score":0,"choices":["the Boy Scouts of America discovered the gift in the will.","the tenant's lease with the widow expired.","the tenant first moved into the cottage.","the widow left no heirs.","the widow died.","the tenant initially signed the lease.","the widow first leased the cottage.","the Boy Scouts of America took legal action.","the tenant discontinued paying rent.","the tenant subjectively believed that he no longer had permission to possess the cottage."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1773,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Adverse possession requires continuous, open, and notorious possession of the property without the permission of the true owner. The statutory period for adverse possession typically begins when the possessor's use of the property becomes adverse to the interests of the true owner. In this case, the tenant's use of the property became adverse when he stopped paying rent, as this action indicated that he no longer recognized the authority of the true owner (the Boy Scouts of America) over the property.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"In 1985, a widow, the undisputed owner of a cottage, leased it to a tenant for a term of seven years. Rent was to be paid in installments due on the first day of each month. One year later, in 1986, the widow died leaving no heirs. In her will, the widow left her entire estate to the Boy Scouts of America. The cottage was not specifically mentioned in the will. One month after the widow died, the tenant, having learned of her death, decided to remain on the property, but stopped paying rent. The Boy Scouts of America organization was unaware that the widow made a gift to the organization until 2009, when attorneys for the organization conducted an inventory of testamentary gifts to the Boy Scouts of America, which revealed that they had a claim to ownership of the cottage. The statutory period for adverse possession in this jurisdiction is 20 years. The tenant's statutory period for adverse possession began to run when","score":0,"choices":["the Boy Scouts of America discovered the gift in the will.","the tenant's lease with the widow expired.","the tenant first moved into the cottage.","the widow left no heirs.","the widow died.","the tenant initially signed the lease.","the widow first leased the cottage.","the Boy Scouts of America took legal action.","the tenant discontinued paying rent.","the tenant subjectively believed that he no longer had permission to possess the cottage."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1774,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The offeror (woman) gave the offeree (man) 15 days from the date of the letter (May 1) to accept the offer. This means the acceptance period ended on May 16. The man's attempt to accept the offer on May 18 was beyond this period, thus terminating his power of acceptance due to lapse of time.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"On May 2, a woman mailed the following letter to a man:\"May 1I have two tickets to the concert on July 1 at the auditorium in town. I'll sell them to you for $60 per ticket, which is $10 above face value. Since the concert has been sold out for months, I think that is a good deal. You have 15 days from the above date to decide whether to accept this offer. \"The man received the letter on May 4, but did not read it until May 6. On May 18, the man went to the woman's home and attempted to accept the offer. The woman replied:\"Too late! I sold the tickets last week for $75 each. \"Assume that the woman's letter created in the man a valid power of acceptance. Was that power terminated by lapse of time before the man went to the woman's home on May 17?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the letter was mailed on May 2.","Yes, because the letter was dated May 1.","No, because the man received the letter on May 4.","No, because the man did not read the letter until May 6."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1775,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The letter stated that the man had 15 days from the date of the letter (May 1) to accept the offer. This means the acceptance period ended on May 16. The man attempted to accept the offer on May 18, which is after the 15-day period had expired. Therefore, his power of acceptance was terminated by lapse of time before he went to the woman's home.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"On May 2, a woman mailed the following letter to a man:\"May 1I have two tickets to the concert on July 1 at the auditorium in town. I'll sell them to you for $60 per ticket, which is $10 above face value. Since the concert has been sold out for months, I think that is a good deal. You have 15 days from the above date to decide whether to accept this offer. \"The man received the letter on May 4, but did not read it until May 6. On May 18, the man went to the woman's home and attempted to accept the offer. The woman replied:\"Too late! I sold the tickets last week for $75 each. \"Assume that the woman's letter created in the man a valid power of acceptance. Was that power terminated by lapse of time before the man went to the woman's home on May 17?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the man did not read the letter until after the 15-day period.","No, because the woman sold the tickets before the man could accept the offer.","Yes, because the letter was mailed on May 2.","No, because the man attempted to accept the offer within 15 days of receiving the letter.","Yes, because the letter was dated May 1.","No, because the man did not read the letter until May 6.","No, because the man was still within the 15-day period when he went to the woman's home.","No, because the man received the letter on May 4.","Yes, because the woman had already sold the tickets by the time the man went to her home.","Yes, because the man attempted to accept the offer after 15 days from the date of the letter."],"correct":"E","answer":"J"}
{"number":1776,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The traditional rules of landowner liability differentiate between invitees, licensees, and trespassers. The grandfather is likely a licensee, as he is a social guest. Landowners owe licensees a duty to warn of known dangers that the licensee is unlikely to discover on their own. However, since the grandfather was aware of the risk of toys being left on the floor, the son may not have had a duty to warn him. This makes it a question of negligence and whether the grandfather exercised due care.\n\nGiven these considerations, it would be appropriate for the court to deny both motions and submit the case to the jury based on negligence.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"While visiting at his son's home, a grandfather tripped on a toy left on the floor by his four-year- old grandson. The grandfather fell and was severely injured. The grandfather regularly visited his son's home and was aware that the grandson routinely left toys scattered about the house. The son had never warned the grandfather to look out for toys. The grandfather brought an action against his son to recover for his injuries. At trial, after the close of evidence, both the grandfather and the son have moved for judgment as a matter of law as to liability. The jurisdiction has abolished intra-family immunity and applies the traditional rules of landowner liability. What action should the court take?","score":0,"choices":["Grant the grandfather's motion, because the son is liable as a matter of law for failing to warn about the risk of toys being left on the floor.","Deny both motions and submit the case to the jury based on premises liability.","Grant the son's motion, because the grandfather was aware of the risk and still chose to visit.","Deny both motions and submit the case to the jury based on strict liability.","Grant the son's motion, because the grandfather failed to exercise due care in avoiding the toy.","Deny the grandfather's motion, because the son had no duty to control the behavior of his child.","Grant both motions, as both parties share equal liability for the incident.","Grant the grandfather's motion, because the son had a duty to maintain a safe environment for visitors.","Deny both motions and submit the case to the jury based on negligence.","Grant the son's motion, because the son had no duty to warn that the grandson might leave toys on the floor."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1777,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In criminal law, murder typically requires intent or recklessness that leads to someone's death. The president knowingly delivered defective drugs, which directly contributed to the patient's premature death. Even though the patient would have died eventually, the president's actions hastened the death, making his conduct sufficiently reckless to constitute murder.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"The president of a pharmaceutical firm received a report from his testing bureau that a manufactured lot of the firmÃ•s anticancer prescription medication was well below strength. Concerned about being able to fulfill contractual commitments, the president instructed his staff to deliver the defective lot. A cancer patient who had been maintained on the drug died shortly after beginning to take the defective pills. Medical evidence established that the patient would have lived longer had the drug been at full strength, but would have died before long in any event. The president was convicted of murder. On appeal, he argues that his conviction should be reversed. Should the conviction be reversed?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the president was merely trying to fulfill contractual obligations.","No, because the intentional delivery of adulterated or mislabeled drugs gives rise to strict criminal liability.","No, because the president's actions directly contributed to the patient's premature death.","Yes, because the president was not aware of the specific patient who would consume the defective drug.","No, because the jury could have found that the presidentÃ•s conduct was sufficiently reckless to constitute murder.","No, because the president violated his duty of care towards the patient.","Yes, because distribution of the defective lot was only a regulatory offense.","No, because the president knowingly delivered the defective drugs which directly led to the patient's death.","Yes, because the cancer, not the presidentÃ•s conduct, was the proximate cause of death of the patient.","Yes, because the patient would have died regardless of the drug's effectiveness."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1778,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The \"ad valorem\" tax is based on the assessed value of an item, such as real estate or personal property. In this case, the county is imposing an ad valorem property tax on the bikes and tires. The key issue here is whether the items are considered to be in interstate commerce or have come to rest within the state.\n\nThe bicycles remain in their shipping crates and on the loading docks, indicating they are still in transit and not yet integrated into the local economy. Therefore, they should not be subject to local property tax.\n\nThe tires, however, are mingled, stacked, and stored in the warehouse along with other tires, indicating that they have been integrated into the local inventory and are no longer in transit. Therefore, they can be subject to local property tax.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An American franchise operates as an importer and distributor of bicycles manufactured by a foreign country, and maintains several warehouses for the wholesale distribution of the bicycles. A warehouse located in a county handles the distribution of bicycles for several states. The bikes and bike tires are shipped separately to the county warehouse. The tires are mingled, stacked, and stored in the warehouse along with various other tires. The bicycles, on the other hand, arrive completely assembled in their shipping crates and remain on the loading docks. The county imposes an ad valorem property tax on the bikes and tires. The county's ad valorem tax may properly be assessed against the","score":1,"choices":["bikes and tires, but only when they are stored in the warehouse.","bicycles only.","tires, but only while they are in the warehouse.","tires and bicycles.","bikes and tires, but only during the distribution process.","bicycles, but only while they are on the loading docks.","bicycles, but only if they are not in their shipping crates.","neither the tires nor the bicycles, unless they are being actively distributed.","neither the tires nor the bicycles.","tires only."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1779,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is the \"original package doctrine,\" which states that goods imported from another country are not subject to state taxation while they remain in their original packaging and have not been commingled with other goods. The tires have been mingled and stored with other tires, losing their status as part of the original package, making them subject to the ad valorem tax. The bicycles, however, remain in their original shipping crates on the loading docks and thus retain their status as part of the original package, exempting them from the tax.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An American franchise operates as an importer and distributor of bicycles manufactured by a foreign country, and maintains several warehouses for the wholesale distribution of the bicycles. A warehouse located in a county handles the distribution of bicycles for several states. The bikes and bike tires are shipped separately to the county warehouse. The tires are mingled, stacked, and stored in the warehouse along with various other tires. The bicycles, on the other hand, arrive completely assembled in their shipping crates and remain on the loading docks. The county imposes an ad valorem property tax on the bikes and tires. The county's ad valorem tax may properly be assessed against the","score":1,"choices":["bikes and tires, but only when they are stored in the warehouse.","bicycles only.","tires, but only while they are in the warehouse.","tires and bicycles.","bikes and tires, but only during the distribution process.","bicycles, but only while they are on the loading docks.","bicycles, but only if they are not in their shipping crates.","neither the tires nor the bicycles, unless they are being actively distributed.","neither the tires nor the bicycles.","tires only."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1780,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Â§ 2-205, a merchant's firm offer is irrevocable if it is in writing and signed by the merchant, even without consideration, for the time stated or a reasonable time not exceeding three months. \n\n- Choices A, B, C, and D all involve written or electronic communications where the merchant promises to keep the offer open for ten days.\n- Choice E involves an option contract where consideration ($1.00) is given to keep the offer open.\n- Choice F simply states an offer without any promise to keep it open.\n\nSince choice F does not include any promise to hold the offer open or any consideration given to make it irrevocable, it is not enforceable if the seller changes his mind prior to acceptance.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Which of the following offers for the sale of widgets is not enforceable if the seller changes his mind prior to acceptance?","score":1,"choices":["A merchant emails buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 with a promise to keep the offer open for ten days.","A merchant telegraphs buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and promises to hold the offer open for ten days.","A merchant tells buyer in writing she will sell the widget for $35,000 and that the offer will be irrevocable for ten days.","A merchant sends a fax to the buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and promises to hold the offer open for ten days.","A merchant writes buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and stating that the offer will be irrevocable for ten days if buyer will pay $1.00. Buyer pays.","A merchant writes buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1781,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs sales of goods, a \"firm offer\" made by a merchant in writing and signed, which promises to keep the offer open for a certain period, is irrevocable during that period even without consideration (payment). However, verbal offers or offers not specifying a time frame are generally revocable unless consideration is provided.\n\n- Option A: This is a firm offer via email with a specified time frame.\n- Option B: This is an offer in writing but does not specify a time frame.\n- Option C: This is a firm offer via telegraph with a specified time frame.\n- Option D: This is a firm offer in writing with a specified time frame.\n- Option E: This is a verbal offer, which can be revoked at any time before acceptance.\n- Option F: This is a firm offer via fax with a specified time frame.\n- Option G: This is an offer in writing with conditions for irrevocability, but the conditions were not met (no payment).\n- Option H: This is an offer in writing with conditions for irrevocability, and the conditions were met (payment made).\n- Option I: This is an offer in writing but does not specify a time frame.\n\nThe correct answer would be the option where the seller can revoke the offer prior to acceptance due to lack of enforceable conditions. The verbal offer (Option E) fits this criterion as it lacks the formalities required to make it irrevocable.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Which of the following offers for the sale of widgets is not enforceable if the seller changes his mind prior to acceptance?","score":0,"choices":["A merchant emails buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 with a promise to keep the offer open for ten days.","A merchant sends a written offer to buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000, but doesn't specify a time frame for the offer.","A merchant telegraphs buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and promises to hold the offer open for ten days.","A merchant tells buyer in writing she will sell the widget for $35,000 and that the offer will be irrevocable for ten days.","A merchant verbally offers to sell the widget for $35,000 to the buyer over a phone call.","A merchant sends a fax to the buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and promises to hold the offer open for ten days.","A merchant writes buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and stating that the offer will be irrevocable for ten days if buyer will pay $2.00. Buyer doesn't pay.","A merchant writes buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000 and stating that the offer will be irrevocable for ten days if buyer will pay $1.00. Buyer pays.","A merchant writes buyer offering to sell the widget for $35,000."],"correct":"I","answer":"E"}
{"number":1782,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The conveyance language indicates a fee simple subject to an executory limitation. This means the friend has a present interest in the property, but if the property is ever used for church purposes, the interest would shift to the children of the sister who reach the age of 25.\n\nAt the time of the conveyance, no children existed. Over time, the sister had two sons, one of whom died, and later had a daughter. The key factor is that only those children who reach the age of 25 would have an interest if the condition (use for church purposes) is met.\n\nSince none of the children have reached 25 yet (and considering one son has passed away), currently, title remains with the friend until such a condition occurs and any of the sister's children reach 25.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A shopkeeper is the owner of a vacant lot in fee simple absolute (the record title is also in the shopkeeper). In 1960, the shopkeeper conveyed the property by general warranty deed as follows: \"The grantor hereby conveys the vacant lot to my friend, but if the property shall ever be used for church purposes, then to the children of my sister who reach the age of 25. \" At the time of the conveyance, the sister was single. Thereafter, the sister married and had two sons. Subsequently, one son died in an automobile accident. Three years after that son's death, the sister had a daughter. In an appropriate action to determine the ownership rights to the vacant lot with all minors represented, title is in","score":1,"choices":["the friend and the sister.","the friend, the deceased son, and the daughter.","the friend only.","the friend, the son, the daughter, and any additional children of the sister born during her lifetime.","the friend and any children of the sister reaching the age of 25.","the sister and her children only.","the friend and the surviving son only.","the friend, the surviving son, and the sister.","the friend, the son, the daughter, and any additional children of the sister born within 21 years after the death of the deceased son.","the friend, the son, and the daughter."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1783,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the conveyance step by step. The shopkeeper conveyed the property to his friend with a condition subsequent: if the property is ever used for church purposes, then it goes to the children of the sister who reach the age of 25. This creates a fee simple subject to an executory limitation in favor of the friend and an executory interest in favor of the sister's children who reach 25.\n\nAt the time of conveyance, no children existed, but later two sons were born. One son died before reaching 25, so he does not have any interest. A daughter was born later, and she could potentially have an interest if she reaches 25.\n\nGiven that the condition (use for church purposes) has not been triggered and assuming no children have reached 25 yet, title remains with the friend. The future interest is contingent upon the sister's children reaching 25.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A shopkeeper is the owner of a vacant lot in fee simple absolute (the record title is also in the shopkeeper). In 1960, the shopkeeper conveyed the property by general warranty deed as follows: \"The grantor hereby conveys the vacant lot to my friend, but if the property shall ever be used for church purposes, then to the children of my sister who reach the age of 25. \" At the time of the conveyance, the sister was single. Thereafter, the sister married and had two sons. Subsequently, one son died in an automobile accident. Three years after that son's death, the sister had a daughter. In an appropriate action to determine the ownership rights to the vacant lot with all minors represented, title is in","score":1,"choices":["the friend and the sister.","the friend, the deceased son, and the daughter.","the friend only.","the friend, the son, the daughter, and any additional children of the sister born during her lifetime.","the friend and any children of the sister reaching the age of 25.","the sister and her children only.","the friend and the surviving son only.","the friend, the surviving son, and the sister.","the friend, the son, the daughter, and any additional children of the sister born within 21 years after the death of the deceased son.","the friend, the son, and the daughter."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1784,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In many jurisdictions, the use of a deadly weapon in a manner likely to cause death or serious bodily harm can demonstrate an intent to kill, even if the defendant claims they did not intend to kill. The act of stabbing someone in the chest with a large serrated hunting knife is likely to be seen as demonstrating the requisite intent to kill, as it is an action that would reasonably be expected to cause death.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The defendant, who was walking on a public street, got into a heated argument with a stranger who had been singing and shouting obscenities while walking near him. The defendant pulled a large serrated hunting knife and stabbed the victim in the chest, killing him. The authorities charged defendant with murder. The defendant argued at trial that he only intended to scare the victim to shut him up, and that he did not have the intent to kill. Is the defendant guilty of murder?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, his use of a deadly weapon demonstrated the requisite intent to kill.","No, his behavior was reckless but not intentional.","No, the defendant was just trying to scare the victim, not kill him.","No, defendant was trying to protect himself from the victim's aggressive behavior.","No, defendant was in a heated argument and his judgement was clouded, so he didn't have the intent to kill.","No, defendant responded to the victim's provocation and did not intend to kill.","No, he acted on the spur of the moment and could not have formed the requisite intent.","Yes, because he intended to scare the victim with a deadly weapon, which is enough for a murder charge."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1785,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In many jurisdictions, the use of a deadly weapon in a manner likely to cause death or serious bodily harm can imply intent to kill or at least intent to cause grievous harm. The fact that the defendant used a large serrated hunting knife and stabbed the victim in the chest, a vital area, strongly suggests an intent to cause serious harm or death, even if he claims he only intended to scare the victim.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"The defendant, who was walking on a public street, got into a heated argument with a stranger who had been singing and shouting obscenities while walking near him. The defendant pulled a large serrated hunting knife and stabbed the victim in the chest, killing him. The authorities charged defendant with murder. The defendant argued at trial that he only intended to scare the victim to shut him up, and that he did not have the intent to kill. Is the defendant guilty of murder?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, his use of a deadly weapon demonstrated the requisite intent to kill.","No, his behavior was reckless but not intentional.","No, the defendant was just trying to scare the victim, not kill him.","No, defendant was trying to protect himself from the victim's aggressive behavior.","No, defendant was in a heated argument and his judgement was clouded, so he didn't have the intent to kill.","Yes, as he should have known that using a deadly weapon could result in death, showing implied intent.","No, defendant responded to the victim's provocation and did not intend to kill.","Yes, his use of a deadly weapon shows he had the intent to cause grievous harm, which resulted in death.","No, he acted on the spur of the moment and could not have formed the requisite intent.","Yes, because he intended to scare the victim with a deadly weapon, which is enough for a murder charge."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1786,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Sixth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to a trial by jury in criminal cases. Even if the evidence is overwhelming, the judge directing a verdict of guilty infringes upon this constitutional right. The jury must be allowed to deliberate freely and come to their own conclusion without being directed by the judge.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"In a trial of a defendant for armed bank robbery, the prosecutor presented overwhelming evidence of guilt. Three tellers identified the defendant as the robber, a latent fingerprint found on the bank counter linked the defendant to the scene, and bank money had been found in the defendant's car. The police had arrested the defendant immediately after the robbery, as the defendant was driving away from the bank. the bank. When the prosecution rested its case, the judge directed the jury to return a verdict of guilty. The defense attorney did not object at the time. The jury withdrew, discussed the case, and agreed to a guilty verdict. The jury returned to the courtroom and announced the guilty verdict. The defense attorney then voiced an objection to the judge's having directed the verdict. The court overruled the objection and sentenced the defendant to 20 years in prison. On appeal, what should the appellate court do?","score":1,"choices":["Affirm the conviction, because the defense attorney failed to timely object to the judge's action.","Affirm the conviction, because the defense attorney's objection was not valid.","Reverse the conviction, because the jury did not have the opportunity to deliberate freely.","Reverse the conviction, because the fingerprint evidence was not properly handled by the police.","Reverse the conviction, because the judge's action in directing the verdict denied the defendant his constitutional right to a trial by jury.","Affirm the conviction, because the prosecution presented both circumstantial and direct evidence conclusively establishing the defendant's guilt.","Affirm the conviction, because the defendant was caught immediately after the crime.","Affirm the conviction, because the judge's action in directing the verdict is within his rights when evidence is overwhelming.","Reverse the conviction, because the defendant was not given an opportunity to present a defense.","Reverse the conviction, because the defense attorney's failure to timely object to the judge's action constituted ineffective assistance of counsel."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1787,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to a trial by jury in criminal cases under the Sixth Amendment. Even if the evidence of guilt is overwhelming, the judge directing a verdict of guilty infringes upon this constitutional right. The jury must be allowed to deliberate freely and come to its own conclusion without being directed by the judge.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"In a trial of a defendant for armed bank robbery, the prosecutor presented overwhelming evidence of guilt. Three tellers identified the defendant as the robber, a latent fingerprint found on the bank counter linked the defendant to the scene, and bank money had been found in the defendant's car. The police had arrested the defendant immediately after the robbery, as the defendant was driving away from the bank. the bank. When the prosecution rested its case, the judge directed the jury to return a verdict of guilty. The defense attorney did not object at the time. The jury withdrew, discussed the case, and agreed to a guilty verdict. The jury returned to the courtroom and announced the guilty verdict. The defense attorney then voiced an objection to the judge's having directed the verdict. The court overruled the objection and sentenced the defendant to 20 years in prison. On appeal, what should the appellate court do?","score":1,"choices":["Affirm the conviction, because the defense attorney failed to timely object to the judge's action.","Affirm the conviction, because the defense attorney's objection was not valid.","Reverse the conviction, because the jury did not have the opportunity to deliberate freely.","Reverse the conviction, because the fingerprint evidence was not properly handled by the police.","Reverse the conviction, because the judge's action in directing the verdict denied the defendant his constitutional right to a trial by jury.","Affirm the conviction, because the prosecution presented both circumstantial and direct evidence conclusively establishing the defendant's guilt.","Affirm the conviction, because the defendant was caught immediately after the crime.","Affirm the conviction, because the judge's action in directing the verdict is within his rights when evidence is overwhelming.","Reverse the conviction, because the defendant was not given an opportunity to present a defense.","Reverse the conviction, because the defense attorney's failure to timely object to the judge's action constituted ineffective assistance of counsel."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1788,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, an expert witness may be questioned about statements in a treatise if the treatise is established as a reliable authority by the expert's admission or another expert's testimony. Since the professor acknowledged the treatise as authoritative, it can be used to challenge his testimony. The prosecutor is allowed to read relevant portions into evidence but not introduce the entire treatise.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"An accounting professor has been called as a defense expert witness in a white-collar criminal case. He testified that accounting records conclusively demonstrated that the defendant had not committed any type of fraud. On cross-examination of the professor, the prosecuting attorney asked him if he was familiar with a particular treatise. The professor responded affirmatively. The attorney then asked him if the treatise was accepted as authoritative and if he was aware of the conclusions regarding the ability of accountants to detect fraud. The professor responded in the affirmative. The prosecutor now attempts to read the following section of the treatise into evidence: \"It is virtually impossible to state with conclusive certainty the existence, or lack thereof, of fraud in the majority of white-collar crime cases, given the sophistication of defendants and the variety of accounting methods available. \"On objection by the defendant's attorney, the trial judge will","score":1,"choices":["sustain the objection, because the professor did not rely on the treatise in making his conclusions.","sustain the objection, because the statements in the treatise are hearsay not within any recognized exception.","overrule the objection and permit the prosecutor to ask the professor about the treatise.","sustain the objection, because the prosecutor's question is leading.","sustain the objection, because the treatise is not relevant to the professor's testimony.","overrule the objection, because the treatise is considered a reliable source in the field of accounting.","overrule the objection, because the professor confirmed the treatise's authority.","overrule the objection and permit the entire treatise to be introduced into evidence.","sustain the objection, because the treatise's statements are opinion-based.","overrule the objection and permit only the contradictory statements to be read into evidence."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1789,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation law for help. Slander is a form of defamation that is spoken rather than written (which would be libel). For slander, the plaintiff generally has to prove special damages unless it falls into one of the four slander per se categories. The statement must be false and damaging, but it does not necessarily have to cause emotional distress specifically for it to be considered slander. The requirement for proving emotional distress is not a standard element of slander.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Client thinks she has been slandered. What of the following is not true about slander?","score":0,"choices":["The accused must have intentionally spread the false statement for it to be considered slander.","It is spoken defamation.","There are four slander per se categories.","Slander is less serious than libel.","Plaintiff has to prove special damages, unless it falls into slander per se.","The statement does not have to be published if it constitutes slander per se.","Slander is only applicable if the plaintiff can prove they suffered emotional distress."],"correct":"F","answer":"G"}
{"number":1790,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A covenant running with the land is a legal obligation that is attached to the property and binds subsequent owners, regardless of whether they were aware of it or not. The original covenant in the general warranty deed required sharing the cost of paving the road, and this obligation would typically run with the land, meaning it applies to all subsequent owners. Therefore, the appellate court is likely to affirm the trial judge's order based on this principle.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A partnership conveyed a general warranty deed representing a vacant parcel of land to the purchaser. In the deed, the grantee and her assigns were required by covenant to share proportionately in the paving of a road that abutted the property. The grantee conveyed the property to a married couple by special warranty deed that did not contain any of the conditions of the covenant regarding paving the new road. The buyers did not have an attorney and did not do a title search. When the road was completed, the married couple buyers refused to pay the share that was demanded of them. The original sellers of the parcel sued the couple in an equity claim without a jury. The judge ruled that the couple had to pay their share of the paving. On appeal, will the appellate court affirm the trial judge's order?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the couple were not aware of the covenant due to not having a lawyer and not conducting a title search.","No, because the general warranty of the original sellers did not apply beyond the first purchaser.","Yes, because a landowner is in any event responsible for her share of improvements to any abutting private roads.","Yes, this is a covenant running with the land because it was intended to apply to the first purchaser's heirs and \"assigns\".","Yes, because the covenant was part of the original agreement and therefore applies to all subsequent owners.","Yes, because the couple should have conducted a title search to understand the obligations associated with the property.","No, because the sellers did not explicitly communicate the covenant to the couple.","Yes, because the couple should have hired an attorney to understand the obligations of the property.","No, because the special warranty deed given to the couple did not include any obligations related to the paving of the road.","No, because the paving requirement had to be placed in the deed to the married couple and it was not."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1791,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence claims, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant owed a duty of care, breached that duty, and caused damages as a result. If it is conclusively proven that the brake failure resulted from a manufacturing defect, the auto dealership could be held liable if they failed to exercise reasonable care in discovering and addressing the defect. This aligns with product liability principles where sellers can be held liable for defects that could have been discovered through reasonable care.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A farmer purchased a new pickup truck from a local automobile dealership. A few weeks later, the farmer was using the truck to haul a load of supplies to his farm. As he drove down a small hill toward an intersection with a stop sign, he applied the brakes, but they failed to work, and the truck did not slow down. The farmer could not stop for the stop sign. He saw a pedestrian crossing the street at the intersection and tried to steer around him, but was unable to do so. The pickup truck struck the pedestrian and seriously injured him. If the injured pedestrian asserts a negligence claim against the auto dealership that sold the truck to the farmer, and if it is conclusively proven that the brake failure resulted from a manufacturing defect in the car, will the pedestrian prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the pedestrian was not a purchaser or user of the truck.","Yes, if the manufacturing company had issued a recall for the defect.","No, if the farmer was speeding and therefore could not stop in time.","Yes, if the defect could have been discovered through the exercise of reasonable care by the auto dealer.","No, if the pedestrian was crossing the street illegally.","No, if the farmer was negligent in being unable to steer around and avoid hitting the pedestrian.","Yes, if the auto dealer was aware of the defect but did not inform the farmer.","No, because the farmer should have had the truck inspected before using it for heavy duty work."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1792,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In general, purchase money mortgages (PMMs) have priority over other types of liens or claims against the property, even if they are recorded later, because they directly finance the purchase of the property. The bank's mortgage is a PMM because it was used to finance the purchase of the property and was promptly recorded. The seller's note, while earlier in time, is not secured by a mortgage and thus does not have the same priority.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A seller and a buyer signed a contract of sale for improved real property. The contract contained a financing contingency for a certain percentage of the purchase price. The buyer obtained the requisite financing from a bank. At the closing, the buyer executed a note to the seller for a portion of the purchase price, which note was not secured by a mortgage. The buyer then executed a second note, secured by a mortgage to executed a second note, secured by a mortgage to the bank, applying the bank loan proceeds to the purchase price of the property. The bank had actual knowledge of the prior note to the seller. The bank promptly recorded its mortgage. The buyer is now in default on both notes. There is no applicable statute. Which party has priority?","score":1,"choices":["The buyer, because he executed both notes.","The bank, because it provided financing for the purchase of the property.","The seller, because he retained a vendor's lien that was first in time.","The bank, because its loan satisfied the financing contingency in the contract of sale.","The seller, because the bank had actual knowledge of the seller's note.","The seller, because the buyer's note to him was not secured by a mortgage.","The bank, because it promptly recorded its mortgage.","The bank, because its note is secured by a purchase money mortgage.","The buyer, because he is the one in default on both notes.","The seller, because the bank's loan did not fully cover the purchase price."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1793,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. A profit-a-prendre is a right to take something off another person's land, such as minerals, timber, or fish. This right includes the ability to enter the land and remove the specified resources. In this case, the logging company's right to cut and sell timber from the tract fits this definition.\nAnswer: G","question":"A resident of a state owned a large tract of virgin forest. The resident conveyed this tract \"to the people of the state in fee simple so long as said tract shall remain in its natural state (with exception for recreational, scientific, or educational purposes). \"Under state law, conveyances of real property to \"the people\" of the state are deemed to vest title in the state regarded as a legal entity, and custody over such property resides in an appointed official known as the director of environmental resources. The director granted a logging company the privilege to cut timber on a remote portion of the tract, together with incidental easements of way. The right of the logging company to cut and sell the timber that was to be cleared from the tract would be an example of a (an)","score":1,"choices":["easement in gross.","Fee simple.","easement appurtenant.","Joint tenancy.","Leasehold estate.","Tenancy in common.","profit-a-prendre.","Life estate.","Quitclaim deed.","license."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1794,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The statement made by the plaintiff to the investigator can be considered a prior inconsistent statement, which is an exception to the hearsay rule. This is because it contradicts her testimony in court and can be used to challenge her credibility. Additionally, statements made against one's own interest are also exceptions to the hearsay rule.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"One year ago, while driving through an intersection, the defendant's car collided with the plaintiff's car. The plaintiff sued, claiming that the defendant ran a red light. In her case-in-chief, the plaintiff testified that immediately after the accident, a bystander, who was a local resident, screamed at the defendant, \"You jerk. . . you drove through the red light. \" In his case-in-chief, the defendant now calls a police accident investigator to testify that the plaintiff told him that she \"didn't see the color of the light when she entered the intersection because she was dialing a number on her cell phone. \"The investigator's testimony should be","score":0,"choices":["admitted, because the plaintiff's statement to the investigator is a prior inconsistent statement.","excluded, because the plaintiff's statement to the investigator is hearsay.","admitted, because the plaintiff's cell phone use is relevant to the issue of negligence.","excluded, because the investigator's testimony is second-hand information and therefore unreliable.","admitted, because the accident investigator gathered the information in the course of his official duties.","admitted, because the plaintiff's inconsistent statement has bearing on her credibility.","admitted, because it is a statement against interest and therefore an exception to the hearsay rule.","excluded, because the statement was not made under oath and therefore may not be truthful.","excluded, because the defendant did not have the opportunity to cross-examine the plaintiff at the time she made the statement."],"correct":"F","answer":"A"}
{"number":1795,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence claims, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant owed a duty of care, breached that duty, and caused harm as a result. Airlines owe a heightened duty of care to their passengers, especially in first-class where service expectations are higher. The flight attendant's continued service of alcohol to an obviously inebriated passenger who subsequently became belligerent and violent could be seen as a breach of this duty. Therefore, the passenger's claim is most likely to prevail because the flight attendant should have been aware that her conduct caused an unjustifiable risk of harm.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A first-class passenger on an airplane flight from Atlanta to Chicago was seated next to a middle-aged salesman who was returning home after attending a business convention in Atlanta. The passenger, who was extremely exhausted after a long and hectic day, tried to sleep during the flight but was constantly being annoyed by the salesman. Once the flight departed, the salesman started ordering drinks of Scotch and water from the flight attendant, and became inebriated. When the passenger refused to talk to him, the salesman became very abusive to the passenger. Although there were many empty seats available on the plane in the first-class section, the passenger decided to remain seated next to the salesman. Finally, after the flight attendant had served the saleman his tenth drink of Scotch, he became belligerent and punched the passenger in the mouth. The passenger's two front teeth were knocked loose and she suffered a cut lip. If the passenger asserts a claim against the airline based on negligence, she will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because, as a first-class passenger, she was owed a special duty of care by the airline.","prevail, because the flight attendant should have been aware that her conduct caused an unjustifiable risk of harm.","not prevail, because the airline cannot control the actions of its passengers.","not prevail, because the passenger could have asked for assistance from the flight crew.","not prevail, because the passenger did not communicate her discomfort to the airline staff.","not prevail, because the passenger assumed the risk by not moving to another seat away from the salesman.","not prevail, because the airline is not vicariously liable for the tortious conduct of its passengers."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1796,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the timing of when the veterinarian is required to deliver marketable title. According to the terms of the sale agreement, the veterinarian is obligated to deliver a warranty deed upon payment of the last installment. Until that point, the veterinarian is not required to provide marketable title free of encumbrances. Therefore, the existence of an unrecorded mortgage does not constitute a breach of contract at this stage because the time for delivering marketable title has not yet arrived.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A veterinarian was the owner in fee of a 50-acre tract of farmland. The veterinarian contracted to sell her property to an investor for $300,000. The parties signed a written land-sale agreement that provided for 30 monthly installment payments of $10,000 each. According to the terms of the sale agreement, the veterinarian would deliver a warranty deed to the investor upon payment of the last installment. In accordance with state law, the farmland's land-sale agreement was properly recorded. After making the first 10 installment payments, the investor discovered that there was an unrecorded mortgage on the farmland. The veterinarian, who is the mortgagor, has regularly made her mortgage payments and is not in default. This jurisdiction has the following recording statute in effect:\"No conveyance or instrument is good as against any subsequent purchaser for value and without notice, unless the same be recorded prior to subsequent purchase. \"After the investor learned of the outstanding mortgage, he discontinued making further installment payments to the veterinarian. The investor alleged that the veterinarian was in breach of the land-sale agreement due to the existence of the unrecorded mortgage. The investor sues the veterinarian for breach of contract. Ifjudgment is rendered in favor of the veterinarian, it will be because","score":1,"choices":["the recording statute does not apply to this situation since the investor was already making payments.","the investor was aware of the mortgage when he signed the contract.","the prior mortgage has no legal effect on the investor's rights under the installment land-sale agreement.","the investor did not properly inspect the property before purchase.","the time for the veterinarian, as seller, to deliver marketable title has not yet arrived.","although the land-sale agreement is actually a mortgage, it does not impair the investor's right of redemption.","the veterinarian is not in default of her mortgage payments, thus not affecting the investor's rights.","the investor has failed to fulfill his part of the contract by discontinuing the installment payments.","the veterinarian offered a warranty deed to the investor, securing his rights.","the installment land-sale agreement is a security device."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1797,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The aunt's interest is a future interest that will become possessory upon the termination of the daughter's life estate. However, this interest is subject to a condition (the aunt moving to another state), which could divest her interest and transfer it to the sister. Therefore, the aunt's interest is best described as a vested remainder subject to complete divestiture because it is vested but can be completely divested if the condition occurs.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A homeowner executed a deed by which he conveyed his home and surround property for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my daughter for life, then to my aunt for life, but if my aunt moves to another state, to my sister for the life of my aunt, then to the heirs of my aunt if my aunt does not move to another state, and to the heirs of my sister if my aunt does move to another state. \" This deed was promptly recorded. During the daughter's lifetime, the aunt's interest may best be described as a","score":1,"choices":["vested remainder subject to open.","contingent remainder.","fee simple subject to executory limitation.","reversionary interest.","life estate pur autre vie.","shifting executory interest.","fee simple determinable.","fee simple subject to condition subsequent.","vested remainder subject to partial divestiture.","vested remainder subject to complete divestiture."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1798,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has addressed the issue of involuntary administration of antipsychotic drugs in cases such as Washington v. Harper and Sell v. United States. According to these rulings, the government can administer antipsychotic drugs involuntarily if it is medically appropriate, unlikely to have side effects that may undermine the trial's fairness, and necessary to significantly further important governmental trial-related interests. Given that the defendant is a danger to himself and others, and the medication is in his medical best interest, the court is likely to order the administration of the medication.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant charged with homicide had a long and tortured history of mental illness. He related several outrageous paranoid fantasies to the authorities and was sent to a mental hospital for evaluation of his ability to stand trial. The doctors reported that the only hope to restore the defendant to relative normalcy where he could stand trial was to administer widely-used anti-psychotic medicine. The man was also a danger to himself and others, and the medicine was in his medical best interests. The defendant asserted that the administration of drugs against his will would violate his liberty interest to substantive due process. Will the court likely order that the defendant should be involuntarily administered the anti-psychotic medications?","score":1,"choices":["No, the involuntary administration of medications to a criminal defendant is considered to be cruel and unusual punishment in violation of state and federal constitutional protections.","No, the involuntary administration of medications is a violation of the defendant's privacy rights.","Yes, but only if the defendant gives explicit consent to the treatment.","Yes, but only if the court determines that the defendant is a significant risk to the general public.","Yes, the individual has no right to be protected from involuntary medical treatment when he is in custody of federal authorities.","Yes, the administration of medications to render the defendant capable of standing trial, without serious side effects, is an important governmental interest, and even more so in a homicide case.","No, the individual has an absolute constitutional right to be free from intrusion of medications into his system against his will.","Yes, but only if the treatment is deemed necessary and is the least intrusive means to restore the defendant's competency.","No, the court cannot force a defendant to undergo treatment if they are capable of making their own medical decisions.","No, the defendant's right to refuse treatment outweighs any potential benefit to the state."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1799,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on defamation law for help. Defamation, including slander, requires a false statement that causes harm to someone's reputation. However, there are defenses such as qualified privilege, which protects individuals who make statements in the public interest or in the course of their duties, provided they do not act with actual malice or reckless disregard for the truth.\n\nIn this case, the telephone operator made the identification as part of her job and in response to a police request, which would likely be considered an action in the public interest. There is no indication that she acted with actual malice or reckless disregard for the truth; it was simply an erroneous identification.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"On May 19, a telephone operator for the local telephone company received a call in which a male voice said: \"I want to report that the downtown sporting arena is going to be blown up tonight. \" The caller then hung up. The line on which the call was made was a line owned by a woman. Immediately after receiving the call, the telephone operator reported the threatening conversation to the police. About half an hour later, during which time she had handled a number of other calls, the telephone operator received a call from a police officer who was at the woman's home. He asked her to listen to a voice. After she did, the officer asked the telephone operator if she could identify it. The telephone operator responded that she was positive that it was the voice of the person who had made the threat. As a result of the telephone operator's identification, the woman's boyfriend was arrested and charged with the crime of terrorist threatening. As a consequence of the arrest, the boyfriend lost his job and suffered embarrassment and ridicule in the community. At trial, however, the telephone operator's identification proved to be erroneous, and the boyfriend was exonerated. In a defamation action for slander by the boyfriend against the telephone operator and the telephone company, he will most likely","score":1,"choices":["not succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification was protected by a qualified privilege for statements made in the public interest.","not succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification was made without actual malice.","not succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification was a simple mistake.","succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification resulted in financial harm.","succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification constituted slander per Se.","succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification resulted in the loss of his good reputation in the community.","succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification was a reckless disregard for the truth.","succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification resulted in public humiliation.","not succeed, because the telephone operator's erroneous identification was made in the course of her employment."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1800,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, an implied-in-fact contract is formed by the conduct of the parties rather than explicit words. Given that the customer had a history of leaving her car for service without discussing price or details, and she provided written instructions for the services needed, there is an implication that she intended to contract for those services. The mechanic performed the services as instructed, which indicates mutual assent based on past practice.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"According to usual practice, a long-time regular customer left her car at an auto mechanic's shop with written instructions to \"check and tune up the engine; make sure the brakes are good and working; examine the tires; also, check and repair all major systems because I am driving cross country next week.\" She did not see the mechanic or discuss with him the price or other details. When she picked up the car, there was a bill for $5,000 on the dash board. All of the services and parts were workmanlike, not defective and pertained to the areas in the instructions. She refused to pay, claiming that there was no agreement and that the mechanic should have called for advance approval. Can she be held responsible for contractual services performed?","score":1,"choices":["No, because there is always an implication that the provider must get permission before doing work not approved.","No, because there was no written agreement specifying the cost of the services.","Yes, because she left written instructions, which can be considered a contract.","Yes, because she had a history of leaving her car for service without discussing price or details.","Yes, because the circumstances, including prior practice, showed intent to contract and a meeting of the minds.","No, because a contract cannot be based on implications and guess work.","Yes, because the circumstances and past practice established an implied-in-law contract based on mutual assent.","No, because the mechanic did not provide an estimate before performing the services.","No, because she did not explicitly agree to the price of the services.","Yes, because the quality of the work was satisfactory and pertained to the areas in the instructions."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1801,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In a tort case, the homeowner must prove that the electrician breached a duty of care which directly caused the damages. The strongest argument for the homeowner would be if the electrician's work deviated from established industry standards, indicating negligence.\nAnswer: I","question":"A homeowner was planning to construct a new pooi in her back yard. She hired a well-known pool contractor to design and construct the pool. The contractor, in turn, hired a subcontractor to dig the hole and plaster the pooi area. After the subcontractor completed his job, the contractor then hired an electrician to install the heater and wiring for the pool. While the electrician was performing his work, the wiring became disjointed and had to be replaced at a substantial expense to the homeowner. If the homeowner sues the electrician in tort to recover the damages she suffered because of this occurrence, will the homeowner prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, if the electrician can prove that the wiring issue was due to an unforeseen problem.","Yes, if the electrician did not follow the contractor's instructions.","No, unless the electrical wiring that became disjointed was defective.","No, unless the homeowner knew that the contractor had hired the electrician to perform the electrical work.","No, if the electrician used his best professional judgment in performing the electrical work.","No, if the contractor was responsible for overseeing the electrician's work.","No, if the subcontractor had previously damaged the wiring without the electrician's knowledge.","Yes, if the electrician did not have the necessary qualifications to carry out the work.","Yes, if the wiring became disjointed because the electrician's plans departed from established standards in the electrical industry."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1802,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the witness's statement from the grand jury hearing is admissible at trial. Generally, hearsay is not admissible unless it falls under a recognized exception. The statement made by the witness at the grand jury hearing is hearsay because it is an out-of-court statement being offered for the truth of the matter asserted. There are exceptions to the hearsay rule, but none seem to apply directly here (e.g., prior testimony exceptions usually require the declarant to be unavailable). Therefore, the most appropriate objection would be that the statement is hearsay not within any recognized exception.\nAnswer: C","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with involuntary manslaughter for causing a vehicular homicide. A grand jury was convened, and various witnesses were subpoenaed. At the grand jury, a witness was asked the following question by the prosecuting attorney: \"Is it not true that 20 minutes after the accident you told the police that the defendant's car went through the red light?\" He answered, \"Yes. \"The defendant was also subpoenaed to appear before the grand jury. The defendant was represented by counsel at the grand jury hearing. During questioning he was shown the witness's statement from his testimony. No objection was made to the introduction of the witness's statement. At the defendant's trial, the prosecuting attorney seeks to introduce into evidence the witness's statement from the deposition taken at the grand jury hearing. The defendant's attorney objects to this proffer of evidence. The objection at trial will be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the statement was made during a formal legal proceeding and is therefore admissible.","granted, because the questioning of the witness was leading.","granted, because the statement is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","granted, because the witness's statement could prejudice the jury against the defendant.","granted, because the statement was not made under oath.","denied, because the defendant's attorney did not object at the grand jury hearing that the questioning of the witness was leading.","denied, because the defendant's attorney did not properly cross-examine the witness at the grand jury hearing.","denied, because the defendant's attorney did not object at the grand jury hearing that the witness's testimony was hearsay.","denied, because the defendant was given an opportunity to cross-examine the witness at the grand jury hearing.","granted, because the witness's statement is irrelevant to the case."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1803,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, negligence involves a breach of duty that causes harm. The landowner took precautions by calling the weather bureau, but the wind unexpectedly shifted, causing smoke to impair visibility on the highway. The driver was speeding, which complicates the issue of causation and contributory negligence.\n\nThe key question is whether the landowner's actions directly resulted in the accident and whether those actions were reasonable under the circumstances. Given that the landowner took steps to prevent harm (by checking wind direction), but an unexpected event occurred, it could be argued that his actions were reasonable.\n\nHowever, if the driver can prove that the smoke directly caused the accident and that the landowner should have anticipated such a risk despite taking precautions, then the driver might prevail. But considering contributory negligence (the driver's speeding), it complicates his claim.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A person owned property next to a highway. After raking leaves on his property into a large pile, the landowner loaded the leaves into several large metal barrels so that he could burn the leaves. Before starting the fire, the landowner telephoned the local weather bureau to determine which direction the wind would be blowing. Because a highway was located on the southern edge of his property, he was aware that it would be unsafe to burn the leaves if the wind was blowing in that direction. The weather bureau, however, indicated that the wind would be gusting in a northerly direction. Shortly after the landowner set the leaves on fire, the wind current unexpectedly shifted and started gusting in a southerly direction. As a consequence, the smoke and ashes blew over the highway, resulting in poor visibility. Moments later, a motorist was driving his automobile on the highway in a westerly direction. The posted speed limit was 45 m. p. h. , although the driver was traveling about 55 m. p. h. The driver could not see the highway clearly and crashed his vehicle into a median strip. If the driver asserts a claim against the landowner, the most likely result is","score":1,"choices":["the driver will prevail, if he can prove that the landowner's actions directly resulted in the accident.","the driver will prevail, because the landowner should have anticipated the wind change.","the landowner will prevail, if the driver cannot prove that the smoke caused the accident.","the driver will prevail, if the smoke from the burning leaves prevented him from clearly seeing the roadway.","the driver will prevail, because the landowner will be strictly liable for causing the accident.","the landowner will prevail, because burning leaves on private property is not against the law.","the landowner will prevail, because he called the weather bureau before starting the fire.","the driver will prevail, because the landowner should have placed warnings on the highway.","the landowner will prevail, because the driver was driving in excess of the speed limit.","the landowner will prevail, if his decision to burn the leaves was reasonable under the circumstances."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1804,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence claims, emotional distress typically needs to be accompanied by physical harm or be severe in nature. The complaint does not allege that the emotional distress is severe, nor does it allege any physical consequences. Therefore, the strongest argument for the manufacturer is that the complaint does not allege that the employee suffered any physical consequences.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A manufacturer of electric motors formerly produced motors that utilized as a coolant a chemical substancethat was later discovered to be highly toxic. During its manufacturing operations, the manufacturer negligentlyallowed quantities of this substance to leak into the soil. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) orderedthat the premises, now owned by an appliance repair shop, be decontaminated. This order, and the subsequent cleanup efforts, received a high level of attention in the local media. An employee of the appliance repair shop has sued the manufacturer in negligence for damages for emotionaldistress. The employee claims to have suffered the distress as a consequence of learning that she has beenexposed for five years, while employed by the appliance repair shop at the premises affected by the EPA order,to the toxic contamination that has existed there. Her complaint does not allege that her emotional distress issevere, that the manufacturer's conduct was extreme and outrageous, or that she has suffered any physicalconsequences. In that action the manufacturer has filed a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim upon which relief maybe granted. What is the manufacturer's best argument in support of that motion?","score":1,"choices":["The manufacturer cannot be held liable for negligence because the toxic substance was not known to be harmful at the time of the leakage.","The manufacturer cannot be held liable because the EPA is responsible for the decontamination process.","The employee cannot sue the manufacturer because she was not exposed to the toxic substance directly from the manufacturer.","The repair shop employee's emotional distress is not alleged to be severe.","The complaint does not allege that the manufacturer was aware of the toxicity of the substance at the time of the leakage.","The complaint does not allege that the manufacturer's conduct was extreme and outrageous.","The complaint does not allege that the employee suffered any financial loss due to the emotional distress.","The complaint does not allege that the repair shop employee suffered any physical consequences.","The repair shop employee's proper remedy is in a claim against the repair shop, the occupier of thepremises during the period of her alleged exposure.","The employee cannot sue the manufacturer because she was not employed by the manufacturer at the time of the exposure."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1805,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The contract specifies that the photographer is to produce a minimum of six acceptable photographs by August 15 in exchange for $200. This implies certain duties and expectations for both parties. \n\nA. By entering into the contract, the photographer assumes some risk, but not necessarily all risks related to the mother's cooperation.\nB. The mother has an implied duty to act in good faith and reasonably cooperate.\nC. The mother does not have a legal obligation to ensure the two-year-old's cooperation, as this is beyond her control.\nD. Failure to cooperate would likely result in a breach of contract, potentially leading to a refund.\nE. Reasonable cooperation from the mother is an implied condition.\nF. Refusal to cooperate could excuse the photographer from further obligations and give grounds for breach of contract.\nG. The photographer has an implied duty to ensure professional quality.\nH. The photographer may have the right to cancel if there is non-cooperation.\nI. There is no obligation for the photographer to take more than six photographs if the initial results are unsatisfactory.\n\nThe least accurate statement is C, as it incorrectly assigns a legal obligation to the mother that she cannot realistically fulfill.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"On August 1, a mother hired a photographer to take a series of photographs of her two-year-old daughter. The written contract called for the photographer \"to produce a minimum of six acceptable photographs by August 15. \" In exchange, the photographer was to be paid $200. Which of the following is the LEAST accurate statement with regard to the photographer's taking of the photographs?","score":0,"choices":["By entering into the contract as written, the photographer assumed the risk that the mother would fail to cooperate in arranging for the taking of the photographs.","The mother was under an implied duty to act in good faith to reasonably cooperate with the photographer in arranging for the taking of the photographs.","The mother had a legal obligation to ensure the two-year-old was cooperative during the photography session.","The mother's failure to cooperate would result in a full refund of the $200 payment.","An implied condition of the photographer's duty of performance was that the mother reasonably cooperate in arranging for the taking of the photographs.","The mother's refusal to cooperate reasonably in arranging for the taking of the photographs would excuse the photographer from further obligation under the contract and also give the photographer a right of action against the mother for breach of contract.","The photographer had an implied duty to ensure the photographs were of a professional quality.","The photographer had a right to cancel the contract if the mother was not cooperating in arranging for the taking of the photographs.","The photographer was under an obligation to take more than six photographs if the mother was not satisfied with the initial results."],"correct":"A","answer":"C"}
{"number":1806,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel and the right to a jury trial in criminal prosecutions. The Supreme Court has ruled that defendants have the right to counsel if they are facing imprisonment, even for misdemeanors. Additionally, the right to a jury trial is guaranteed for serious offenses, typically defined as those where the potential sentence exceeds six months. In this case, the defendant was denied both an attorney and a jury trial, which are constitutional rights.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant is arrested and charged with shoplifting. He claims that he intended to pay for the item he took and requests an attorney and a jury trial. Both requests are denied by the judge, and the defendant is found guilty. The maximum penalty for shoplifting is a $500 fine and six months in jail. The defendant is sentenced to three months in jail, which he is allowed to serve on weekends in the county detention center. The defendant claims that his constitutional rights have been violated. Is he correct?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the defendant was denied the right to counsel.","Yes, because the defendant was not allowed to pay for the item he took.","Yes, because the defendant was denied the right to a fair trial.","No, because the defendant admitted to taking the item.","Yes, because the maximum penalty for shoplifting was not applied.","Yes, because the defendant was denied the right to a jury trial.","No, because his actual sentence was only three months.","No, because the defendant was allowed to serve his sentence on weekends.","No, because the defendant was found guilty of the charges."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1807,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, an offer for a unilateral contract becomes irrevocable once the offeree has begun performance. The neighbor had already started the task by starting the lawn mower, which means he had begun performance. Therefore, the man's revocation was ineffective as it came after the neighbor had begun performing the task.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A man told his neighbor, \"If you will mow my lawn, I will pay you $50. \" The neighbor then purchased gasoline for the mower so he could mow the lawn. The neighbor wheeled his lawn mower to the man's property and started the engine. At that moment, the man suddenly yelled, \"I hereby revoke my offer. \"If the neighbor thereafter mows the man's lawn, will he recover the $50?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because there was an offer for a unilateral contract that became irrevocable prior to the man's attempted revocation.","No, because the neighbor had done nothing more than prepare to accept the offer prior to the man's revocation.","Yes, because the neighbor can sue for breach of oral contract.","Yes, because the neighbor had begun the task before the man revoked his offer.","Yes, under the doctrine of quasi-contract.","No, because there was no written contract and hence no legal obligation for the man to pay.","No, because the neighbor did not get a written agreement from the man.","No, because the man's revocation was effective, since the neighbor had not completed performance.","No, because the man revoked his offer before the task was completed.","Yes, because the neighbor had already incurred expenses in preparation to fulfill the contract."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1808,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. According to the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution, treaties made under the authority of the United States are part of the supreme law of the land, and judges in every state are bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. Therefore, if a state statute conflicts with a federal treaty, the state statute would be declared unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"The President appointed a delegation to enter into negotiations with representatives of a foreign government to study the problem of preventing the extinction of certain species of rabbits. The delegation's goal was twofold: to study the problem and to formulate regulations in a bilateral agreement that would protect the endangered species and provide for a permanent commission that would continually monitor enforcement of the proposed regulations. After compiling their findings and drafting the necessary regulations, the President and the leader of the foreign government entered into a treaty to form a permanent commission to oversee the problem and to grant it the necessary enforcement powers. Assume that after the treaty goes into effect, a state legislature enacts a statute that provides that \"any licensed rabbit-hunter in the state and its surrounding environs may increase his monthly catch of rabbits from 10 to 15 in each of the specified months of the authorized rabbit-hunting season from the first day of October until the last day of February. \" If challenged, the enactment of the aforementioned statute would most likely be declared","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because the enactment falls within the Tenth Amendment's reservedpowers.","unconstitutional, because all treaties are the supreme law of the land.","unconstitutional, because it conflicts with federal law.","constitutional, because the treaty does not specifically prohibit the increase in hunting.","constitutional, because the treaty only applies to the federal government.","constitutional, because the regulation of hunting is within the area of state action.","constitutional, because the state has the right to regulate its own natural resources.","unconstitutional, because it violates the commerce clause.","unconstitutional, because it interferes with international relations."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1809,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement in gross benefits a specific individual or entity, rather than a parcel of land. In this case, the franchise right created for public utility companies to use the strip of land for ingress and egress is an example of an easement in gross, as it benefits the utility companies rather than the land itself.\nAnswer: G","question":"A developer, owner of several hundred acres in a rural part of the county, drafted a general development plan for the area. The duly recorded plan imposed elaborate limitations and restrictions upon the land in the plan, which was to be developed as a residential district. The restrictions were to extend to all persons acquiring any of the lots and to their heirs, assigns, and lessees. It was further provided that all subsequent owners would be charged with due notice of the restrictions. Among those restrictions in the general plan were the following:(22) A franchise right is created in a strip of land 10 feet in width along the rear of each lot for the use of public utility companies with right of ingress and egress. (23) No house or structure of any kind shall be built on the aforementioned strip of land running through the said blocks. The franchise right created for public utilitycompanies would most likely be an example of a(an)","score":1,"choices":["restrictive covenant.","license.","real covenant.","equitable servitude.","covenant running with the land.","profit Ã  prendre.","easement in gross.","allodial title.","easement appurtenant."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1810,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The power of Congress to tax is broad and generally upheld if the primary purpose is to raise revenue rather than to penalize or regulate behavior. The Supreme Court has historically upheld taxes that produce revenue, even if they have regulatory effects, as long as the dominant intent is revenue generation.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Congress enacts a $100 tax on the sale of any handgun to a private individual not for use in law enforcement or military duties. Will this new handgun tax survive a constitutional challenge?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, if the tax is applied uniformly across all states.","Yes, if Congress could have banned possession of handguns outright.","No, if the tax is seen as a way to indirectly ban handguns.","Yes, if the tax is used to fund law enforcement or military activities.","No, if the tax disproportionately affects individuals of lower income.","No, because the tax infringes on an individual's right to bear arms.","No, if the tax does not result in a significant collection of revenue.","No, because the tax is clearly intended as a penalty on handgun ownership.","Yes, if the dominant intent of Congress was that the tax would produce revenue.","Yes, if the tax is proportional to the cost of the handgun."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1811,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is the interpretation of \"willingly and knowingly\" in the statute. For a conviction under this statute, the prosecution must prove that the defendant knew about the reporting requirement and intentionally violated it. The trial judge's instruction that mistake of law is no defense might have misled the jury into thinking that knowledge of the law was not necessary for a conviction. Given this, the appellate court is likely to reverse the conviction because willfulness requires proof of both knowledge of the law and specific intent to commit the crime.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Federal law prohibits \"willingly and knowingly\" taking cash in excess of $10,000 from the U.S. into a foreign country without first reporting the transaction in detail. An owner of a Detroit drug store takes his gross cash receipts each week into a city in Canada where he lives and does his banking. The office of the Deputy Atty. General learned that the owner was doing this, and indicted him on 10 counts of \"willingly and knowingly\" taking cash over $10,000 into a foreign country without reporting it. The owner's main defense is that he did not know of the law or that he was breaking it. The trial judge instructed the jury that mistake of law is no defense. He was convicted and appealed. Will the federal appellate court likely reverse the conviction?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the owner's habitual actions imply intent to avoid reporting the cash.","No, the practice is so dangerous to the public interest that knowledge and specific intent are not required.","Yes, because willfulness clause requires proof of both knowledge of the law and a specific intent to commit the crime.","No, willfulness and knowledge are inferred by the habitual practice of transporting the cash.","Yes, because the owner was not intentionally breaking the law, he was simply unaware of it.","No, because ignorance of the law is not a valid defense.","Yes, because the owner is not a resident of the U.S. and therefore not subject to its laws.","No, because the owner is a business operator and therefore should be aware of such laws.","Yes, because treaties with Canada make all such reporting laws unenforceable.","Yes, because the owner was not given a fair chance to defend himself in court."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1812,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on product liability for help. Generally, a manufacturer is not liable for injuries caused by substantial alterations to their products made by third parties after the product has left the manufacturer's control, especially when there is a clear warning against such alterations. In this case, the injury resulted from an improper repair by a mechanic who altered the snowblower in a way that was explicitly warned against in the manual. This substantial alteration breaks the chain of liability from the manufacturer to the homeowner.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A homeowner was injured when an automatic cutoff switch failed to function on a snowblower he was using. The cutoff switch had functioned well for a year after he purchased the snowblower but failed after the machine had been improperly repaired by a mechanic. The snowblower's operating manual contained a clear and prominent warning against making the very alteration to the switch mechanism that was made by the mechanic. The mechanic, however, did not have a manual available when he repaired the snowblower. Does the homeowner have a viable claim against the manufacturer of the snowblower for damages?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the manufacturer should have made the manual available to repair personnel.","Yes, because the snowblower should have had a backup safety system in place.","No, because the injury resulted from a substantial alteration of the snowblower by a third party. a third party.","No, because the mechanic is solely responsible for the improper repair.","No, because the homeowner was contributorily negligent in failing to furnish the snowblower's manual to the mechanic.","No, because the homeowner should have ensured the mechanic had access to the correct manual.","Yes, because a defect in the snowblower caused the homeowner's injury.","Yes, because the cutoff switch should not have failed regardless of the repair.","Yes, because the manufacturer should have made the switch mechanism more robust.","No, because the homeowner should have requested a professional repair from the manufacturer."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1813,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on adverse possession for help. Adverse possession requires that the possession be continuous, open, notorious, exclusive, and hostile for the statutory period. The man's absence for a year does not necessarily break the continuity if his nephew took care of the farm on his behalf, maintaining the adverse possession. This concept is known as \"tacking,\" where successive periods of possession by different parties can be combined if there is privity between them.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A woman was the owner of a farm in fee simple. Thewoman left the farm in 1986 to move to the city. Aman took possession of the land in 1987 as an adversepossessor and remained on the land from 1987 to 1997;he then left the property to care for his sick mother forone year, returning the following year, 1999. The man's nephew agreed to live on the farm and take care of it during his uncle's absence. When the man returned from his mother's home in 1999, he continued in possession until 2010 when the womanbrought an ejectment action. Assume that the statutory period for adverse possession in this state is 20 years. The court would most likely hold that","score":1,"choices":["the woman was the rightful owner and thus entitled to possess the farm.","the man's nephew was entitled to possession, as he was the one who took care of the farm during the man's absence.","the man was entitled to possession, because of the privity between the man and his nephew, which aided him in fulfilling the required statutory period.","the man was not entitled to possession, as he left the property for a year.","the woman was entitled to possession, because the man had not paid any property taxes.","the man was entitled to possession, because he had lived on the farm for over 20 years.","the woman was entitled to possession, because the man's absence for a year interrupted the continuity of his possession.","the man was entitled to possession, because the woman had abandoned the farm.","the woman was entitled to possession, because the man's intermittent possession was insufficient to make him an adverse possessor.","the man was entitled to possession, because his possession was open, notorious, continuous, and hostile as required for the statutory period."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1814,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Robbery is defined as the unlawful taking of property from another person by force or intimidation. In this scenario, the victim was unconscious and therefore not subjected to force or intimidation at the time of the theft. This means that while the man's actions constitute theft or larceny, they do not meet the legal definition of robbery.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A man was at a party where he observed a female guest who had passed out and was unconscious and alone in a bedroom of the house. The man locked the door and quietly took the female's purse, emptied all of the money into his pockets, and removed the jewelry from her person. He was apprehended and charged with robbery. Can he be convicted of that crime?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the act of taking someone's belongings without their consent while they are unconscious is considered robbery.","Yes, robbery does not require that the victim be subdued by force or be placed in fear.","No, this was not robbery because the victim was not aware of the crime when it occurred.","Yes, robbery is the unlawful taking of property from another's person by intimidation or force.","No, this was not robbery because there was no intimidation, and indeed no force, against an unconscious victim.","No, this was not robbery because the man was a guest at the party.","Yes, robbery can occur in any location, including a private home.","No, this was not robbery because it occurred in a private home and not in a business establishment or on the street.","No, this was not robbery because the man didn't use a weapon."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1815,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. Age is not considered a suspect classification under the Equal Protection Clause, and running for public office is not considered a fundamental right. Therefore, the statute would be subject to rational basis review, meaning the state only needs to show that the age restriction is rationally related to a legitimate government interest. The burden of persuasion lies with the petitioner to show that the age restriction is not rationally related to a legitimate government interest.\nAnswer: G","question":"A state enacts a statute that prohibits \"anyone over60 years of age to run for public office. \" A state senator has been in office for three terms and wishes to seek re-election. The senator, who is 61, brings suit challenging the constitutionality of the state statute. Which of the following best states the burden of persuasion?","score":1,"choices":["The petitioner must show the statute violates due process by depriving her of the right to be a candidate.","The state needs to show that the statute is rationally related to a compelling government interest.","Since a fundamental right is involved, the petitioner must show the regulation is necessary to vindicate a compelling government interest.","Since no fundamental right is involved, the state must show the age restriction is essential to maintain a legitimate government interest.","The state must prove that the age restriction is essential to maintain the efficiency of the government.","The petitioner must show the statute violates the fundamental right of freedom of expression.","Since no fundamental right is involved, the petitioner must show the age restriction is not rationally related to a legitimate government interest."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1816,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The import and export clause (Article I, Section 10, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution) restricts states from imposing taxes on imports or exports without the consent of Congress. However, once imported goods have \"come to rest\" within a state and are no longer in transit, they can be subject to state taxation. The guitars and strings in the warehouse are no longer in transit and have been mingled with other goods, making them subject to local property taxes.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"An American company operates as an importer and distributor of guitars manufactured by a foreign company, and maintains several warehouses throughout the U. S. for the wholesale distribution of the guitars. A warehouse located in a city handles the distribution of guitars for several state areas. The guitars and guitar strings are shipped separately to the city warehouse. The guitar strings are mingled, stacked, and stored in the warehouse along with various other guitar strings. The guitars, on the other hand, arrive completely assembled in their shipping crates and remain on the loading docks. The city imposes an ad valorem property tax on the guitars and strings. The power of the city to impose an ad valorem tax on the foreign company's guitars and/or strings would most likely be upheld under","score":0,"choices":["the necessary and proper clause.","the contract clause.","the import and export clause.","the equal protection clause.","the supremacy clause.","the commerce clause.","the due process clause.","the reserved power of the states as granted under the Tenth Amendment.","the establishment clause.","the privileges and immunities clause."],"correct":"H","answer":"C"}
{"number":1817,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted, and it is generally inadmissible unless it falls within a recognized exception. The shopper's statement to her housekeeper about her pain would fall under the hearsay exception for statements of present bodily condition, which allows statements made for the purpose of describing or explaining medical symptoms.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A shopper slipped and fell on a wet spot at the local mall, suffering injuries. The shopper has sued the mall owner for negligence. At trial, the shopper's housekeeper testified that the shopper was bedridden and unable to work for a month because of the sprained back she suffered when she fell at the mall. The housekeeper also testified that about one week after the shopper returned home from the hospital, the shopper told her, \"My back is really killing me. The pain is excruciating. It'll be a miracle if I can ever stand up again. \" The mall's counsel then moved to strike the housekeeper's testimony. The motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the housekeeper's testimony is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","granted, because the housekeeper's testimony is based on the shopper's subjective self-assessment.","denied, because the shopper's statement to her housekeeper would be admissible as an excited utterance.","denied, because the housekeeper's testimony would be admissible as an adoptive admission.","granted, because the housekeeper's testimony is not related to the case.","denied, because the shopper's statement to her housekeeper would be admissible as a declaration of present bodily condition.","denied, because the housekeeper's testimony would be admissible as a present sense impression.","denied, because the housekeeper's testimony would be admissible as a statement for the purpose of medical treatment.","granted, because the housekeeper's testimony is not based on her firsthand knowledge.","granted, because the housekeeper's testimony would be self-serving."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1818,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Privileges and Immunities Clause of Article IV, Section 2, provides that \"The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.\" This clause aims to prevent a state from treating citizens of other states in a discriminatory manner. The city's tax statute imposes a higher tax burden on nonresidents compared to residents, which could be seen as discriminatory against nonresidents.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A city imposes a tax on nonresident's city derived income above $1,700 at a 3% rate, except that if the nonresident's state of residence would impose a lesser tax had the income been earned in that state, the city tax would be reduced to that amount. This income tax exempts taxable income earned by city residents outside of the state. Moreover, residents of the city were not taxed on their in-city earned income. A commuter who works in the city but is a resident of a neighboring state, challenges the constitutionality of this statute. Which of the following provisions would furnish the most applicable basis for this constitutional challenge?","score":1,"choices":["The Eighth Amendment's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment.","The privileges and immunities clause of ArticleIV.","The Fourteenth Amendment's due process clause.","The First Amendment's freedom of speech clause.","The Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","The Second Amendment's right to bear arms.","The Fifth Amendment's protection against self-incrimination.","The commerce clause.","The Sixth Amendment's right to a speedy trial."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1819,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The microfilm copy of a newspaper can be considered admissible under the business records exception to the hearsay rule, as libraries maintain such records in the regular course of their operations. Additionally, it is also admissible to prove the price of gold on that day, as it is a reliable source of historical data.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"In a suit by an investor against a speculator, a relevant fact is the price of gold as quoted on a specific date 20 years ago. The investor calls a librarian to authenticate the microfilm copy of a newspaper from that date. This copy, kept in the archives of the public library, is the only record of that particular issue of the newspaper. The microfilm is","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a public record.","admissible, to prove the authenticity of the newspaper.","admissible under the library records exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible as a business record.","admissible as past recollection recorded.","inadmissible as hearsay evidence.","admissible, to prove the price of gold on that day.","inadmissible as not the best evidence.","inadmissible due to lack of original copy."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1820,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The statute makes it a misdemeanor \"to falsely report a fire either intentionally or recklessly.\" The key issue here is whether the two roommates' actions can be considered as causing a false report to be made, even though they did not directly call the fire department themselves.\n\nThe two roommates intentionally misled their third roommate, knowing he was gullible and within earshot. Their actions directly led to the false report being made to the fire department. Therefore, they can be seen as having caused the false report to be made, which aligns with the statute's prohibition against intentionally or recklessly causing a false report of a fire.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"There is a state statute making it a misdemeanor \"to falsely report a fire either intentionally or recklessly. \" There were three college roommates who lived together in a small apartment. Two of the roommates decided to play a practical joke on the other roommate, which they liked to do from time to time because he was gullible. The two roommates were seated in the living room of their apartment. The other roommate was in an adjoining room and within earshot of the two roommates. Knowing that their roommate could hear their conversation, the two roommates falsely stated that a fire had been set at the student center at the college. After overhearing this conversation, the other roommate phoned the fire department and reported this information. Several fire trucks were dispatched to the college and determined the information to be false. If the two roommates are prosecuted for violating the aforementioned statute, they should be found","score":1,"choices":["guilty, because they intentionally misled their roommate.","guilty, because they deliberately provided false information.","not guilty, because they did not directly call the fire department.","guilty, because they caused the false report to be made.","guilty, because they knowingly spread false information within earshot of their roommate.","guilty, because they are accomplices to their roommate.","not guilty, because it was a practical joke and they did not intend harm.","not guilty, because they didn't knowingly believe that their roommate would report the information to the fire department.","not guilty, because they didn't report the information to the fire department themselves.","not guilty, because they did not confirm the presence of a fire themselves."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1821,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Attorney-client privilege is a legal concept that protects certain communications between a client and their attorney and keeps those communications confidential. The privilege is designed to encourage open and honest communication between clients and their attorneys.\n\n- In situation A, the conversation was overheard in a public place, which typically means it is not privileged.\n- In situation B, the attorney misused the information, but the initial communication was likely privileged.\n- In situation C, the attorney breached confidentiality, but the initial communication was privileged.\n- In situation D, the attorney shared confidential information improperly, but the initial communication was privileged.\n- In situation E, discussing a case in a public place where it can be overheard generally means it is not privileged.\n- In situation F, casual advice over dinner might not be considered privileged as it lacks formal context.\n- In situation G, even though the attorney declined representation, the initial consultation was likely privileged.\n- In situation H, despite the unethical nature of the request, the communication seeking legal advice is privileged.\n- In situation I, despite being in a crowded waiting room, the intent to seek legal advice makes it privileged.\n\nThe best answer is where the communication clearly falls under attorney-client privilege without any complications or breaches.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"In which of these situations are the communications set forth privileged?","score":1,"choices":["A lawyer-client duo was discussing their ongoing case while walking in a park. A passerby overheard their conversation and later used the information to blackmail the client.","A woman visited an attorney to discuss her plans for starting a new business. She shared her innovative business model and strategies with the attorney. The attorney later used this information to start a similar business of his own.","A man consulted an attorney about a potential lawsuit against his employer for workplace harassment. During the meeting, he detailed the incidents of harassment and shared confidential company documents. The attorney then relayed this information to a friend who works in the same industry.","A woman sought advice from an attorney about her divorce proceedings. She disclosed her financial assets and her strategy for the proceedings in detail. The attorney shared this information with the woman's husband, who is also his friend.","An attorney was discussing a case with a colleague in a public coffee shop. A journalist sitting at the next table overheard their conversation and published the details in a newspaper.","A man asked his attorney friend for advice regarding a potential investment over dinner. The friend offered his insights based on the information provided. Later, the man suffered a financial loss due to the investment.","A woman consulted an attorney regarding a sale of 70% of the stock of a closely held corporation in which the woman was the majority shareholder. She explained the reason for the sale and divulged the financial condition of the corporation and its prospects for the future. The attorney determined that the transaction would be complicated. Since he felt he was inexperienced in handling such a transaction, the attorney decided to decline to represent the woman. The woman nevertheless sold her stock with the assistance of another attorney.","A woman arrived at a law office for an appointment and was escorted to her attorney's office. She sat down and said to the attorney, \"You know, I pay you a large retainer every year for your valued counsel. I need some advice now. There was a fire in my house yesterday. It was minor, but I'm covered for $15,000 under my fire insurance policy. I didn't have any furniture in the room where the fire took place, but I want to put in a claim for a sofa and love seat. How should I go about it?\" The attorney refused to give her any advice.","An attorney was a member of a seven-attorney law firm. On a busy day, three of his partners had clients waiting to see them, and all of the chairs in the office waiting room were filled. A woman had an appointment with the attorney, and the attorney came out to greet her in the crowded waiting room. As the woman saw the attorney she said, \"Am I glad to see you! I need a will made up right away, because I don't want my rotten son to get any of my money. He will just throw it away at the race track. \" The attorney replied, \"Let's go back to my office to discuss this matter. \" The attorney prepared a will for the woman."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1822,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court's three-pronged test for determining whether material is obscene is known as the Miller test, established in the case Miller v. California (1973). The three prongs are: (1) whether the average person, applying contemporary community standards, would find that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest; (2) whether the work depicts or describes, in a patently offensive way, sexual conduct specifically defined by applicable state law; and (3) whether the work, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value.\nAnswer: F","question":"Generally, erotic materials are protected by the First Amendment for a person's personal use and possession. However, certain erotic material can reach a point where it steps over the boundaries of First Amendment protection. The Supreme Court has held that if material is obscene it does not mandate First Amendment protection. Which of the following most accurately represents one of the prongs of the three-pronged test enunciated by the U.S. Supreme Court's for determining whether a film, book, video or pictorial is obscene and therefore not subject to protection?","score":1,"choices":["Whether the work, taken as a whole, is considered to be offensive or inappropriate by the majority of the population.","Whether the work, taken as a whole and judged by contemporary community standards, would be seen by a sensitive or vulnerable person to appeal to the prurient interest.","Whether the work, taken as a whole, has been classified as obscene by a government authority.","Whether the work, when examined from an individual perspective, incites violent or harmful actions.","Whether the work has been properly judged from a national standard to offend sensitive standards of community morals.","Whether the work, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value.","Whether the work, in its entirety, promotes or glorifies illegal activities.","Whether the work, when viewed in its entirety, defames or slanders any person or group.","Whether the work, judged from a global perspective, offends common decency or morality."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1823,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Conspiracy requires an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime and an overt act in furtherance of that agreement. The defendant's knowledge of the victim's status as a federal agent is crucial because it affects the specific nature of the crime she is charged with. Since she did not know her ex-boyfriend was a federal agent at the time of the conspiracy, she lacked the requisite mens rea (criminal intent) for conspiring to commit an assault on a federal officer.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A defendant was at a bar when she saw her exboyfriend who had recently dumped her. The defendant walked away and spotted a good friend of hers. She approached her friend and told him she would give him $50 to beat up her ex-boyfriend. The friend agreed but said he would wait until the ex-boyfriend left the bar. While the defendant was eavesdropping on her ex-boyfriend in the hopes he would say something nice about her, she overheard him having a conversation on his cellphone. During the course of that conversation, the defendant realized that her ex-boyfriend was now a federal agent. Afraid she might be prosecuted for a federal offense, the defendant told her friend not to bother with the planned attack. If the defendant is subsequently charged with the statutory offense of conspiring to commit an assault on a federal officer, the defendant will probably be","score":0,"choices":["acquitted, because she did not physically commit the assault.","convicted, because she attempted to incite violence, regardless of her ex-boyfriend's occupation.","convicted, because her actions demonstrated a clear intent to cause harm.","acquitted, because she did not know her ex-boyfriend was a federal agent at the time of conspiracy.","convicted, because her knowledge that her exboyfriend was a federal agent is not a material element of the crime.","convicted, because she initially conspired to commit an assault.","acquitted, because her friend did not carry out the assault.","convicted, because withdrawal is never recognized as an affirmative defense to conspiracy.","acquitted, because she was unaware that her ex-boyfriend was now a federal agent."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1824,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statement made by the pedestrian in the emergency room can be considered hearsay, as it is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. However, there are exceptions to the hearsay rule. One such exception is the \"excited utterance\" exception, which allows statements made under the stress of excitement caused by an event or condition. Since the pedestrian made the statement while being treated for injuries shortly after the accident, it is likely that he was still under the stress of the event.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"One afternoon a motorist was driving her car when she struck a pedestrian who entered the intersection. The pedestrian was seriously injured in the accident and sued the motorist to recover damages for personal injuries. There were no witnesses to the accident. The motorist claims that the traffic light was green at the time she entered the intersection. The pedestrian now has amnesia and cannot remember how the accident occurred. At trial, the pedestrian's attorney calls a witness to testify. The witness proposes to testify that she was in the emergency room at the hospital when the pedestrian was brought in following the accident. The witness further testifies that while the pedestrian was being treated for his injuries, the nurse asked him, \"How did you get hurt?\" The pedestrian replied, \"The car ran the red light and struck me as I was walking through the intersection. \"Upon objection, this evidence is","score":0,"choices":["admissible as a present sense impression.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because the witness was eavesdropping on a confidential communication between the pedestrian and a hospital representative.","admissible, as it is a declaration against interest.","inadmissible, because it is a statement made after the event.","inadmissible, because the pedestrian's response was prompted by the nurse's question.","inadmissible, because the pedestrian cannot remember the incident.","admissible, as it is a statement of past or present mental, emotional, or physical condition.","admissible as a statement under stress or excitement."],"correct":"B","answer":"I"}
{"number":1825,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The excerpts from the plaintiff's murder trial could be relevant to the insurance company's defense, particularly if they contain information that might suggest a motive or other relevant context. However, the key issue here is whether such evidence is admissible under the rules of evidence.\n\n- **Relevance**: The evidence is likely relevant as it pertains to the circumstances surrounding the death.\n- **Double Jeopardy**: This principle applies to criminal cases and does not prevent the introduction of evidence in civil cases.\n- **Hearsay Rule**: Former testimony can sometimes be admissible under exceptions to the hearsay rule, but this typically requires that the party against whom it is offered had an opportunity and similar motive to develop the testimony by direct, cross, or redirect examination.\n- **Prejudicial**: Evidence can be excluded if its probative value is substantially outweighed by the risk of unfair prejudice.\n- **Collateral Estoppel**: This doctrine prevents re-litigation of issues already judged on their merits in a previous case involving the same parties. However, an acquittal in a criminal case does not necessarily preclude related issues from being examined in a civil case.\n\nGiven these considerations, the most appropriate ruling would likely involve weighing relevance and potential prejudice.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A plaintiff is the beneficiary of a policy issued by an insurance company insuring the life of his wife, now deceased. The policy contains a clause providing that double indemnity is payable in the event that death of the insured \"results directly, and independently of all other causes, from bodily injury effected solely through external violent and accidental means. \"The plaintiff's wife met her death in the silage shed of her farm. The death resulted from wounds caused by the discharge of a double-barreled shotgun. The plaintiff was arrested and prosecuted for the murder of his wife. After a lengthy trial, the plaintiff was acquitted of the charge. After the insurance company refused to pay the plaintiff's insurance claim, the plaintiff instituted this civil action. The complaint sets forth the policy, alleges the facts surrounding the death of the insured, avers that the death was within the policy provisions for double indemnity payment, and demands judgment accordingly. At trial, the insurance company's attorney proposes to introduce excerpts from the plaintiff's murder trial. The plaintiff's attorney objects to the introduction of such evidence. The trial judge should rule the proffered evidence","score":0,"choices":["inadmissible, due to lack of relevance.","admissible as former testimony.","admissible, as it could demonstrate a potential motive.","inadmissible, because of double jeopardy.","admissible, as an exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible, as part of the res gestae.","inadmissible, because it is prejudicial.","admissible as a declaration against interest.","inadmissible, because of collateral estoppel."],"correct":"B","answer":"G"}
{"number":1826,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The statement made by the defendant (\"And that's only the beginning\") can be considered an adoptive admission, as it implies acknowledgment of the victim's assertion that the defendant broke his nose. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, an adoptive admission is not considered hearsay if it is offered against a party and is a statement that the party has manifested an adoption or belief in its truth.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A victim and a defendant both worked as longshoremen at a shipyard. After the victim was shot to death, the defendant was tried for murder and acquitted. Following the acquittal, the victim's estate sued the defendant in a wrongful death action. During the civil trial, the victim's estate called a witness to testify. The witness, who worked with both men at the shipyard, testified that two weeks before the shooting, the victim came to work with a broken nose and said that the defendant had caused it. The attorney for the victim's estate then asked the witness the following question, \"Was the defendant present during your conversation with the victim, and if so, did he say anything about the victim's broken nose?\" The witness replied, \"Yes, the defendant was present, and after the victim told me that the defendant broke his nose, the defendant said, Â€Â˜And that's only the beginning. \"Upon objection by the defendant's attorney, the witness's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because it reports the defendant's adoptive admission of the victim's assertion.","inadmissible, because it is a character evidence.","admissible, because it is considered a prior bad act.","inadmissible, because it violates the defendant's right to confront the witnesses against him.","inadmissible, because it is a prejudicial evidence.","inadmissible, because of the principle of collateral estoppel.","admissible, because it is a statement made by a party opponent.","admissible, because it reports a declaration against interest.","inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible, because it constitutes an excited utterance."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1827,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In landlord-tenant law, privity of estate and privity of contract are important concepts. Privity of estate exists between the landlord and the tenant who holds the leasehold interest directly from the landlord. Privity of contract exists between parties who have entered into a contractual agreement.\n\nIn this scenario, the professor (assignee) has privity of estate with the new owner (landlord), but the student (sublessee) does not have privity of estate or privity of contract with the new owner. The student only has a sublease agreement with the professor.\n\nTherefore, the new owner cannot directly recover rent from the student because there is no direct legal relationship (privity) between them. The professor remains liable to pay rent to the new owner and must seek recovery from the student separately.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A landlord owned a three-story home in fee simple and leased it to his friend for a term of 10 years. By the terms of the lease, the friend expressly covenanted to pay a monthly rental of $300 and to pay the taxes on the premises during the term of the lease. The lease also stipulated that the friend, as lessee, may not assign or sublease the said premises. The friend and his family lived in the house for two years. Then the friend, still owing the landlord three months back rent, assigned his leasehold interest in the property to a professor, who was unaware of the prohibition against assignments. This written assignment expressly provided that the professor would pay the landlord the monthly rental of $300, but was silent concerning the payment of taxes. The landlord never objected to this assignment. Six months after the assignment, the landlord conveyed his property interest in the premises to a new owner. After residing in the house for a year, the professor subleased the third floor to a student for a term of two years; the agreement provided that the professor would receive a monthly rental payment of $100. After the student had made regular rental payments to the professor for the first six months of the sublease, he defaulted. The following month, the professor sent the new owner $200 as payment for rent and notified him that he should collect the remaining $100 from the student, who refused to vacate the premises. In an action by the new owner against the student to recover the additional $100 for rent due, he will most probably","score":0,"choices":["recover, even though he never objected to the sublease.","not recover, because the professor remains liable.","recover, because the new owner inherited all rights and responsibilities from the original landlord.","recover, because the landlord and sublessee are in privity of estate.","not recover, because the student is not directly responsible to the new owner.","not recover, because the student was not in privity of contract with the new owner.","not recover, because the professor would only be held liable.","not recover, because the professor is the one who subleased to the student.","recover, because the student is in direct violation of his sublease agreement.","recover, because the student defaulted on his rental payment."],"correct":"B","answer":"E"}
{"number":1828,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The man can be charged with multiple crimes based on his actions:\n\n1. **Embezzlement**: He has been embezzling money from the agency.\n2. **Solicitation**: He solicited a professional killer to murder the woman.\n3. **Conspiracy**: By hiring the killer, he entered into an agreement to commit a crime.\n4. **Murder**: Since the woman was killed as a result of his solicitation, he can be charged with murder.\n\nTherefore, the man may properly be convicted of embezzlement, solicitation, conspiracy, and murder.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A man and a woman were partners in an automobile leasing agency. For some time, the man had been embezzling money from the agency. The woman became suspicious and told the man that she wanted to engage an accounting firm to audit the agency's books. In a panic to prevent the audit and avoid being discovered, the man decided to have the woman killed. He contacted a professional killer and hired him to kill the woman for $10,000. A short time later, the woman died in a car crash arranged by the killer. In addition to embezzlement, of what crime or crimes may the man properly be convicted?","score":0,"choices":["Conspiracy and solicitation.","Solicitation and conspiracy.","Conspiracy, solicitation, embezzlement, and murder.","Embezzlement and solicitation.","Murder.","No additional crimes, only embezzlement.","Solicitation, embezzlement, and murder.","Conspiracy, embezzlement, and murder.","Conspiracy and murder."],"correct":"E","answer":"C"}
{"number":1829,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In negligence claims, the concept of \"but for\" causation is important, meaning that the harm would not have occurred \"but for\" the defendant's actions. The crop-duster's negligence directly caused the destruction of the corn crop by spraying herbicide instead of pesticide. The construction company's negligence caused a fire that destroyed everything in the area, including the already dead corn plants.\n\nHowever, since the corn was already destroyed by the herbicide before the fire, the construction company's actions did not cause additional damage to the corn crop itself (though it did cause other damages). Therefore, only the crop-duster's negligence is directly responsible for the destruction of the corn crop.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A farmer has a large field where he grows corn. He hires a crop-duster to spray the field, but the crop- duster mistakenly sprays a strong herbicide, rather than a pesticide, and kills all the corn plants in the field. Several days later, a construction company building a house near the farmer's field negligently hits a gas line and starts a fire that burns everything in the area, including the farmer's field. If the farmer brings negligence claims against the crop-duster and the construction company in order to recover damages for the destruction of his corn crop, the most likely result is","score":1,"choices":["neither the crop-duster nor the construction company is liable, because neither is a \"but for\" cause of the harm.","both the crop-duster and the construction company are liable, because each engaged in a negligent action that was sufficient to destroy the farmer's corn crop.","only the crop-duster is liable, because its negligence occurred before the construction company's negligence.","both the crop-duster and the construction company are liable, because they both contributed to the loss of the farmer's corn crop.","neither the crop-duster nor the construction company is liable, because the farmer did not have insurance for his corn crop.","neither the crop-duster nor the construction company is liable, because the farmer failed to protect his field.","only the construction company is liable, because the fire caused more damage than the herbicide.","only the crop-duster is liable, because the construction company's fire was an unforeseeable event.","only the construction company is liable, because its negligence would have destroyed the farmer's corn crop no matter what the crop- duster did.","the crop-duster is liable for the value of the corn crop and the construction company is liable for the damage to the field."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1830,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In jurisdictions with recording statutes, priority of mortgages is typically determined by the order in which they are recorded. The friend recorded his mortgage first, followed by the investor, and then the bank. \n\nThe total amount from the foreclosure sale is $160,000. The friend has the first priority because he recorded his mortgage first. Therefore, he should receive the full amount of his loan, which is $100,000.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A homeowner gave his friend a mortgage on his property to secure a loan from the friend to the homeowner in the amount of $100,000. The homeowner then gives an investor a mortgage on the property to secure a loan from the investor to the homeowner in the amount of $80,000. The friend then records his mortgage. The homeowner then gives a bank a mortgage on the property to secure a loan from the bank to the homeowner in the amount of $50,000. The investor then records. The bank then records. The homeowner lost his job and was unable to pay the mortgages on the property. In a foreclosure proceeding in which the friend, the investor, and the bank were parties, the property sold for $160,000. The recording statute in this jurisdiction provided \"unless recorded, all written instruments affecting title to land are void as to subsequent purchasers who paid value and without notice. \"What dollar amount, if any, should go to the friend?","score":0,"choices":["$100,000. 00","$90,000.00","$160,000.00","$0. 00","$70,000.00","$60,000.00","$20,000.00","$50,000.00","$80,000. 00","$30,000. 00"],"correct":"I","answer":"A"}
{"number":1831,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional amendments for help. The Fifteenth Amendment specifically addresses the right to vote and prohibits the federal government and each state from denying a citizen the right to vote based on that citizen's \"race, color, or previous condition of servitude.\" This amendment is directly relevant to the issue of minority disenfranchisement mentioned in the question.\nAnswer: J","question":"A march was held to call attention to the fact that minorities are still disenfranchised from the electoral process. A congressional report revealed that in the certain parts of the country, only 42% of minorities eligible to vote were, in fact, registered. The report also indicated that certain states had residency laws restricting a person's right to vote. As a consequence, Congress enacted a statute that makes any law denying minorities the right to vote shall be deemed unconstitutional. This federal statute will most likely be upheld under which of the following constitutional provisions?","score":1,"choices":["Twenty-sixth Amendment.","Tenth Amendment.","Eighth Amendment.","Seventeenth Amendment.","Twentieth Amendment.","Fourteenth Amendment.","Thirteenth Amendment.","Nineteenth Amendment.","First Amendment.","Fifteenth Amendment."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1832,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. When a statute is challenged under the Equal Protection Clause, the level of scrutiny applied depends on the classification involved. Economic regulations, such as taxes, are generally subject to rational basis review. Under this standard, the burden is on the challenger (in this case, the mining company) to show that the classification is not rationally related to a legitimate state interest.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A state has enacted a statute imposing a tax on the extraction of all platinum in the state. The extraction of other minerals is not taxed by the state. This is true even though there is considerable mining of silver, turquoise, sulfur, and stone within the state. As a result, the largest platinum mining company in the state has filed suit challenging the constitutionality of the state's platinum tax statute. Which of the following best states the burden of persuasion if the mining company attacks the statute as violating the equal protection of the laws?","score":1,"choices":["The state must convince the court that the tax is rationally related to the advancement of a compelling state interest.","The state must convince the court that the classification in the statute is not necessary to advance a legitimate state interest.","The mining company must convince the court that the classification in this statute is the least restrictive means by which to advance a compelling state interest.","The state must convince the court that the classification in the statute is necessary to advance a compelling state interest.","The mining company must convince the court that the tax is not necessary to advance a legitimate state interest.","The state must convince the court that the classification in this statute is the least restrictive means by which to advance a compelling state interest.","The mining company must convince the court that the classification in this statute is not rationally related to the advancement of a legitimate state interest.","The mining company must convince the court that the classification in this statute is not necessary to advance a compelling state interest.","The state must convince the court that the classification in the statute is rationally related to the advancement of a legitimate state interest.","The mining company must convince the court that the classification in this statute is the most restrictive means by which to advance a legitimate state interest."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1833,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law and mortgages for help. The mortgage company recorded the mortgage in 1996, which means it has a valid lien on the property. The woman promised to convey the tract of land to her daughter and pay off the mortgage debt, but she defaulted on this promise. Therefore, the mortgage company retains its cause of action against the woman for defaulting on the mortgage debt. The daughter does not have a cause of action against the mortgage company because the mortgage was recorded before she received the quitclaim deed, and she took the property subject to that mortgage.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"In a jurisdiction using the grantor Â€Â”grantee indices, the following events have occurred in the order listed below:(1) In 1993, a woman mortgaged a tract of land to a mortgage company to secure a note for $25,000, due on December 31, 1993, with 9'/2 percent interest per annum. (2) In 1996, the mortgage company recorded the mortgage on the tract of land. (3) In 2007, in a signed writing, which the woman delivered to her daughter, the woman promised to convey the tract of land to her daughter by quitclaim deed and pay the mortgage debt when it came due. (4) In 2008, the woman delivered to the daughter a quitclaim deed that made no reference to the mortgage. If the woman thereafter defaulted on the mortgage debt, which of the following is probably correct?","score":1,"choices":["The mortgage company has a cause of action against both the woman and the daughter.","The daughter has a cause of action against the mortgage company.","Neither the daughter nor the mortgage company has a cause of action against the woman.","Only the mortgage company has a cause of action against the woman.","Both the daughter and the mortgage company have causes of action against the woman.","The woman has a cause of action against the mortgage company.","The mortgage company and the daughter share a cause of action against the woman.","Only the daughter has a cause of action against the woman.","Both the woman and the daughter have causes of action against the mortgage company.","The woman has a cause of action against the daughter."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1834,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The best evidence rule requires that the original source of evidence (in this case, the log books) be produced when the contents of that source are in question, unless it is shown that the original is unavailable for some reason. However, firsthand knowledge from a credible witness who directly oversaw the work can be admissible as it is relevant and based on personal observation. The supervisor's testimony is based on firsthand knowledge and is relevant to the case.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A city entered into a small-cost construction contract with a construction company whereby the latter obligated themselves to perform certain minor sewer repair work. Two months after completion of the work, the company sued the city for its failure to pay under the terms of the contract. At trial, the company's construction supervisor who personally oversaw all the repair work was called to testify. He sought to testify about the amount of sewer pipe used, the number of hours required to complete the job, and the number of workers employed by the company during the construction repair work. The defendant's attorney objected on the grounds that the company routinely recorded such factual information in their log books, which were in the company's possession. As a consequence, the supervisor's testimony should be ruled","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because such testimony would be violative of the best evidence rule.","inadmissible, because no evidence was introduced to show that the original log records are not available for examination.","admissible, because it is relevant to the case.","admissible, because the supervisor is a credible witness.","admissible, because it is based on firsthand knowledge.","inadmissible, because it would be hearsay evidence.","inadmissible, because the information is not relevant to the case.","admissible, because the supervisor was directly involved in the construction work.","admissible, because it is a report of regularly conducted business activities.","inadmissible, because the supervisor was not under oath when the information was recorded."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1835,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The defendant's actions resulted in the neighbor's death, even though he did not intend to kill him. The most serious crime that fits this scenario is involuntary manslaughter, which involves unintentional killing resulting from recklessness or criminal negligence. The defendant intended only to frighten the neighbor and did not foresee the fatal outcome, making murder and voluntary manslaughter inappropriate charges. Negligent homicide might be considered, but involuntary manslaughter is typically more serious and fits better given the circumstances.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A defendant had an argument with his neighbor. As they were quarreling, the defendant pulled out his penknife intending only to frighten the neighbor. The defendant accidentally slightly nicked the neighbor's arm with the knife. Unknown to the defendant, his neighbor was a hemophiliac who then died from the cut. What is the most serious crime that the defendant can be convicted of?","score":1,"choices":["Negligent homicide.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Murder.","Aggravated assault.","Voluntary manslaughter.","Reckless endangerment.","Assault with a deadly weapon.","Battery.","Felony murder.","Attempted murder."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1836,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In this scenario, the homeowner's obligation to pay the house painter $10,000 is contingent upon the house painter completing the job satisfactorily. This means that the house painter's performance (painting the house) must occur before the homeowner's duty to pay arises. Therefore, the house painter's performance is an express condition precedent to the homeowner's duty of payment.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A homeowner entered into a written contract with a house painter to have his house painted for $10,000. The contract stated in part: \"It is agreed that the house painter will paint the house using off-white latex paint, and will finish the job within 30 days from the execution of this agreement. If the homeowner finds the completed job to be satisfactory, he will pay the house painter $10,000 within one week after the job is completed. \"Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the homeowner's contractual obligation to pay the house painter $10,000?","score":1,"choices":["The house painter's performance under the contract would be an express condition subsequent to the homeowner's duty of payment of the $10,000.","The performances of the homeowner and the house painter were, in essence, concurrent conditions.","The performances of the homeowner and the house painter were, in essence, independent conditions.","Payment of the $10,000 by the homeowner would be a concurrent condition to the house painter's duty of performance.","The house painter's performance under the contract would be an express condition precedent to the homeowner's duty of payment of the $10,000.","Payment of the $10,000 by the homeowner would be an express condition subsequent to the house painter's duty of performance.","Payment of the $10,000 by the homeowner would be an express condition precedent to the house painter's duty of performance.","The homeowner's satisfaction with the job is an implied condition precedent to the house painter's duty of performance.","The homeowner's satisfaction with the job would be an express condition precedent to the house painter's duty of performance.","The homeowner's satisfaction with the job is an implied condition subsequent to the house painter's duty of performance."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1837,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The conveyance to the uncle created a defeasible fee simple, which means the uncle has full ownership rights unless a specific condition occurs (in this case, the death of his wife without issue). Until that condition is met, the uncle retains all rights associated with the property, including the right to remove and sell oil. Therefore, the decision in favor of the uncle would be based on the fact that the right to remove oil is an incident of a defeasible fee simple.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A cattle rancher owned substantial oil and mineral interests in the southwest. In July 1990, the rancher acquired title to a 200-acre tract in a rural area. In 1997, the rancher conveyed the 200-acre tract for a consideration of one dollar, receipt of which was acknowledged, \"to my uncle, his heirs, and assigns, but if my uncle's wife dies without issue, to my personal assistant and her heirs and assigns. \"After taking possession of the 200-acre tract, the uncle discovered considerable oil reserves on the property. He then began oil drilling operations and removed large quantities of oil, which he sold. At no time did he give notice to the personal assistant of his oil-drilling activities. Months passed before the personal assistant learned that the uncle was selling oil from the drilling operations. The personal assistant has now brought an action in equity for an accounting of the value of the oil removed and for an injunction against any further oil removal. If the decision is in favor of the uncle, it will be based on the fact that","score":1,"choices":["the personal assistant has failed to provide evidence of her claim to the property.","the right to remove oil is an incident of a defeasible fee simple.","the personal assistant did not take immediate action upon learning of the uncle's activities.","the right to remove oil is an incident of the right to possession.","the personal assistant was only entitled to the land if the uncle's wife died without issue.","the conveyance of land to the uncle did not explicitly prohibit oil removal.","there was no showing that the uncle acted in bad faith.","the uncle was the initial recipient of the land and thus has full rights.","the personal assistant has no interest in the 200-acre tract.","the uncle was operating within his rights as long as he did not cause harm to the land."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1838,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, but it generally applies to state actions, not private entities. The Fourteenth Amendment extends this protection against state infringement. However, the mall and store are private entities, and the state's involvement is limited to land ownership without influencing day-to-day operations. Therefore, the mall and store's actions are not considered state actions.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A corporation owns a shopping mall that includes a grocery store. The union that bags fruit wants to strike in front of the store, even though it is in the mall. The mall has a Social Security Office and the real estate is owned by the state. The grocery store pays rent to the state. Any type of picketers are prevented from entering the mall to picket inside by the owners of the mall, who also pay rent to the state for the land, and there is no outside entrance of the store at the mall where the picketers could strike. If the picketers go before the court to claim violations of First and Fourteenth Amendment rights, will state action likely be found against the store and the mall owners?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the mall and store are infringing on the picketers' right to protest, which is protected by the First Amendment.","No, because the state's only involvement is in the ownership of the land, and it does not influence the day-to-day operations of the mall and store.","Yes, because the equal protection balancing test shows that there is state action in renting the property to private actors who are discriminating.","No, because the mall and store are private entities and have the right to control who can enter their property.","Yes, because First Amendment violations require strict scrutiny, and here the connection between the state and the mall cloaks the mall and store with state action status.","No, because a private actor can never be held liable in a constitutional rights claim that requires state action.","No, under the mantle of authority test there are not enough connections between the state and the private actions of the mall and the store.","Yes, because the mall and store are public spaces, and therefore they must respect the constitutional rights of all individuals.","Yes, because the state owns the land and therefore has direct influence over the actions of the mall and store.","No, because the state has no direct control over the operations of the mall and store, even though it owns the land."],"correct":"G","answer":"B"}
{"number":1839,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is the nature of the assignment and whether it can be enforced. An assignment of a right expected to arise under a future contract typically operates as a promise to assign the right when it arises and as a power to enforce it. This means that until the right actually exists, the assignment is not fully enforceable. The athlete's promise to assign 10 percent of his first-year earnings was contingent on him securing a contract with the baseball team, which was not in existence at the time of the agreement.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"An athlete hoped to sign a contract with a professional baseball team to play baseball. He had succeeded in arranging for a tryout at the baseball team's training facilities in a neighboring state. Short on funds and needing a way to get to the training facilities, the athlete approached his friend and said, \"If you will drive me to and from the baseball team's training facilities for my tryout and pay for our housing and meal expenses during our stay, I will assign to you 10 percent of my first-year earnings. \" The friend agreed and drove the athlete to the training facilities. After the tryout, the baseball team offered the athlete a contract to play baseball for the team at $100,000 per year. When the friend asked when he would be receiving his 10 percent, the athlete replied that $10,000 was much more than the friend deserved and he would pay the friend $1,000 for his efforts. The friend then filed suit to enforce the assignment. If the court holds the assignment unenforceable, the most applicable legal principle would be","score":1,"choices":["the assignment was not in writing, therefore it is not enforceable.","a purported assignment of a right expected to arise under a contract not in existence operates only as a promise to assign the right when it arises and as a power to enforce it.","the assignment was not fair and reasonable, therefore it can be revoked.","the athlete was under duress when making the assignment, rendering it unenforceable.","the assignment is unenforceable because the athlete's contract with the baseball team prohibited any assignment of earnings.","the friend did not provide a valuable consideration in return for the assignment.","an assignment of a right expected to arise from a future event is enforceable once the event occurs.","a contract to make a future assignment of a right is not a validly enforceable assignment.","the friend did not detrimentally rely on the assignment prior to the attempted revocation of the assignment by the athlete.","a gratuitous assignment is revocable, and the right of the assignee is terminated by the assignor's subsequent revocation."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1840,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, a defendant in a criminal case is allowed to introduce evidence of a pertinent character trait (such as honesty) to show that it is unlikely they committed the crime. However, this opens the door for the prosecution to rebut with evidence to the contrary. The rule does not require that the prosecution first attack the defendant's character before such evidence can be introduced.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man is on trial for securities fraud. He takes the stand to testify in his own behalf. On direct examination, the man's attorney proffers evidence of his good character. Upon objection by the prosecution, which of the following statements is correct?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant may introduce evidence to show good moral character.","The defendant may not introduce evidence to show honesty because character evidence is inadmissible.","The defendant may introduce evidence of his past good deeds.","The defendant may introduce evidence to show honesty.","The defendant may introduce evidence to show truthfulness.","The defendant may not introduce evidence of truthfulness unless it is inquired into on cross- examination.","The defendant may not introduce evidence of good character unless the prosecution first attacks his character.","The defendant may not introduce evidence to show honesty unless it is inquired into on cross- examination.","The defendant may introduce evidence to show dishonesty."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1841,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Under common law, joint tenancy with right of survivorship means that when one joint tenant dies, the surviving joint tenant(s) automatically inherit the deceased tenant's share. This right of survivorship takes precedence over any will or other testamentary disposition. The sister's mortgage does not sever the joint tenancy under the lien theory of mortgages, which is the majority rule in the United States. Therefore, upon the brother's death, his interest in the land would automatically pass to the sister, making her the sole owner.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A brother and a sister purchased land under a deed that conveyed title to them as joint tenants with right ofsurvivorship. Common law joint tenancy is unmodified by statute in the jurisdiction. The purchase price was $50,000, of which the sister paid $10,000 and the brother paid $40,000. The sisterlater mortgaged her interest in the land. The brother then died testate, leaving his entire estate to a cousin. Thesister later paid off her mortgage debt, and the mortgage was released. At the present time, who owns the land?","score":0,"choices":["Title is entirely in the cousin as the beneficiary of the brother's will.","The answer depends on whether the jurisdiction follows the lien theory or the title theory ofmortgages.","The brother's share of the land is in probate, while the sister retains her original share.","Title is in the sister, the cousin, and the mortgage lender as tenants in common.","Title is in the sister and the cousin as tenants in common, with the sister having a 40% interest and the cousin having a 60% interest.","Title is in the sister and the cousin as equal tenants in common.","Title is in the sister and the cousin as joint tenants with right of survivorship.","Title is in the sister as she has paid off her mortgage debt.","Title is in the sister and the cousin as tenants in common, with the sister having a 20% interest and thecousin having an 80% interest."],"correct":"B","answer":"H"}
{"number":1842,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Under common law, homicide offenses include murder, voluntary manslaughter, and involuntary manslaughter. Murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse, especially with malice aforethought. Voluntary manslaughter involves an intentional killing in which the offender had no prior intent to kill, such as in the heat of passion. Involuntary manslaughter is an unintentional killing resulting from recklessness or criminal negligence.\n\nIn this scenario, the man discovered his wife in a compromising situation and acted in the heat of passion, which could reduce the charge from murder to voluntary manslaughter. However, involuntary manslaughter would not be applicable because the killing was intentional. Justifiable homicide would not apply here as there was no legal justification for the killing.\n\nTherefore, the jury should be instructed on murder and voluntary manslaughter.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man became ill while at work and decided to go home early. When he entered his bedroom, the man saw his wife engaged in sexual intercourse with a neighbor. The man grabbed a gun from a dresser drawer and shot and killed the neighbor. He was later charged and prosecuted. In a jurisdiction that follows the common law for homicide offenses, which crimes should the court instruct the jury on?","score":1,"choices":["Only murder.","Murder and involuntary manslaughter.","Murder, voluntary manslaughter, and involuntary manslaughter.","Murder and voluntary manslaughter.","Murder, voluntary manslaughter, involuntary manslaughter, and justifiable homicide.","Voluntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter.","Only voluntary manslaughter.","Voluntary manslaughter and justifiable homicide.","Murder, voluntary manslaughter, and justifiable homicide.","Only involuntary manslaughter."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1843,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Battery is the intentional and harmful or offensive physical contact with another person without consent. The father's action of drenching the judge with water can be considered battery. Trespass to land involves entering or causing a thing to enter someone else's property without permission. The water from the sprinkler entering the judge's property could be considered trespass to land.\n\nAssault requires the victim to have an apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact, which does not apply here as the judge did not see the water coming. Negligence involves a breach of duty causing harm, but the father's actions were intentional, not negligent.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A prominent judge lived next door to a father. Recently, the judge had sentenced the father's son to six months in prison on a narcotics charge. One afternoon while the judge was mowing his lawn, the father decided to avenge his son's conviction. The father set up his water sprinkler behind some shrubbery separating their adjoining properties. As the judge was mowing his lawn and came within reach of the water sprinkler, the father turned on the sprinkling device. The judge did not see the water coming toward him. The water hit the judge in the back and drenched him. The judge would be able to recover against the father for which of the following tort or torts?","score":1,"choices":["Trespass to land and intentional infliction of emotional distress.","Assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.","Negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress.","Trespass to chattels and battery.","Negligence and battery.","Assault and trespass to chattels.","Battery and trespass to land.","Negligence and assault.","Battery, assault and trespass to land."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1844,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Initially, the professor conveyed the apartment building to his son and daughter as tenants in common, reserving a life estate for himself. This means that upon the professor's death, the son and daughter would each own half of the property as tenants in common.\n\nHowever, the professor later executed a \"correction deed\" conveying the apartment building to his son and daughter as joint tenants with right of survivorship, again reserving a life estate for himself. Joint tenancy with right of survivorship means that if one joint tenant dies, the surviving joint tenant automatically inherits the deceased tenant's share.\n\nBoth children accepted delivery of this \"correction deed,\" which means they agreed to hold the property as joint tenants with right of survivorship. When the son died intestate (without a will), his interest in the property would automatically pass to the surviving joint tenant, which is the daughter, due to the right of survivorship.\n\nTherefore, after the son's death, title to the apartment building would be in the daughter as the sole owner, subject to the professor's life estate.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A professor, being fee simple owner of an apartment building, made a conveyance thereof in these words, \"I hereby convey my apartment building to my son and daughter as tenants in common. \" In the deed instrument, which was properly executed, the professor reserved a life estate to himself. The professor then told his children of his conveyance and put it in the family vault in the library for safekeeping. Thereafter, the son married a doctor. The professor, who disliked the doctor, then executed another deed that he labeled \"a correction deed. \" In the \"correction deed,\" the professor conveyed the apartment building \"to my son and daughter as joint tenants with right of survivorship. \" According to the new deed, the professor again reserved a life estate to himself. Both children accepted delivery of the \"correction deed. \" Six months later, the son died intestate, leaving the doctor as his sole heir. Title to the apartment building is in","score":0,"choices":["the son's estate, subject to the professor's life estate.","the daughter and the doctor as tenants in common, subject to the professor's life estate.","the daughter as the sole owner, subject to the professor's life estate.","the daughter and the doctor as tenants in common.","the professor as the sole owner.","the daughter subject to the professor's life estate.","the doctor as the sole owner, subject to the professor's life estate.","the daughter and the professor as joint tenants with survivorship rights, subject to the professor's life estate.","the doctor and the professor as joint tenants with survivorship rights, subject to the professor's life estate."],"correct":"B","answer":"C"}
{"number":1845,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The statute creates a distinction between non-physicians who are already in the business and those who want to enter it, which could be seen as discriminatory and lacking a rational basis. This discrimination could violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, as it treats similarly situated individuals differently without a sufficient justification.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A state has had a tremendous influx of retired people in recent years. There has been considerable concern among state health officials who foresee that many of the senior citizens will become victims of price gouging on certain medical supplies and services. In an attempt to curb such fraudulent sales practices, the state legislature has enacted a law prohibiting the sale of hearing aids by non-physicians. The measure provides, however, that all non-physician sellers who are presently engaged in the business of selling hearing aids will not be affected. Assume that after the statute goes into effect, a non-physician moves to the state and wants to open a business selling hearing aids. After being advised that the state law prohibits him from doing so, he brings suit challenging the constitutionality of the statute. The most likely result is that the state law will be declared","score":0,"choices":["unconstitutional, because it violates the commerce clause, since Congress has plenary power to regulate any activity that has any appreciable effect on interstate commerce.","unconstitutional, because it creates an unfair trade barrier for non-physicians wanting to start a business in the state.","constitutional, as it aims to protect a vulnerable segment of the population from potential exploitation.","constitutional, because there is a rational basis for distinguishing between non-physicians are not so engaged.","unconstitutional, because it discriminates between non-physicians already in the business and those wanting to enter it.","unconstitutional, because it restricts the rights of non-physicians to conduct a legitimate business.","constitutional, because it falls under the state's power to regulate healthcare and related services.","constitutional, because it does not infringe upon the rights of non-physicians not already in the business of selling hearing aids.","constitutional, because a state has the power to regulate any phase of local business, even though such regulations may have some effect on interstate commerce, provided that Congress has not enacted legislation regarding the subject matter."],"correct":"D","answer":"E"}
{"number":1846,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, and generally requires a warrant for searches. Consent to search is an exception, but it must come from someone with authority over the premises. In this case, the daughter did not have apparent authority to permit the police to enter her mother's private bedroom. The husband, although a co-owner, did not physically give consent for the search either.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A mother has an 11-year-old daughter. The mother is legally separated from her husband and has filed for divorce. The mother and her husband own their home in joint tenancy. One night, the mother went out to dinner and left her daughter at home. Upon leaving the house, the mother locked the door to her bedroom. While the mother was gone, the daughter found a spare key to her mother's bedroom and opened the door. While rummaging through her mother's dresser, she found a bag containing white powder. Concerned that the bag might contain drugs, the daughter called her father to ask his advice. The husband instructed her to call the police. The daughter then telephoned the police station and reported what she had found. A patrol car was immediately dispatched to her home. The daughter allowed the police to come inside and led them to her mother's bedroom. She gave the officers the bag, which they took to the station house for a lab test. After the results confirmed that the bag contained cocaine, the mother was arrested and charged with illegal possession of a controlled dangerous substance. The mother's attorney has filed a motion to prevent the cocaine from being admitted into evidence. The motion should be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because the daughter, and husband, as co-owner, had the authority to allow the police inside the home and make the seizure.","denied, because the police were acting on the daughter's concern for her mother's wellbeing.","denied, because the daughter lived with her mother and had equal control over the premises.","denied, because the daughter had a reasonable concern for her mother's safety.","denied, because the cocaine was found in a common area of the home, not a private space.","granted, because the daughter did not have apparent authority to permit the police to enter her mother's bedroom.","granted, because the husband did not physically give consent for the police to enter the home."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1847,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The doctrine of equitable conversion typically places the risk of loss on the buyer once the contract is signed, even if the legal title has not yet transferred. However, equity can intervene to prevent enforcement of a contract if it would be harsh and oppressive to one party. In this case, Beeson argues that enforcing the contract would be harsh and oppressive due to the rezoning which drastically changes the value and usability of the property. Equity often provides relief in such situations to prevent unjust outcomes.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"On November 1, Beeson contracted to purchase from Sloan for $250,000 certain property located in the City of La Mirada. In the contract of sale, Beeson and Sloan agreed that the property was to be used for the purpose of building a commercial shopping mall. The contract required Beeson to pay Sloan a deposit of $12,500, with the balance of the purchase price payable at closing a month later on December 1. On November 24, the city council rezoned the property so that it could be used only for single-family residential purposes. As a consequence, Beeson refused to honor the contract. Sloan now brings an action for specific performance arguing that the doctrine of equitable conversion places the loss on the buyer. Beeson argues that to enforce the contract would be harsh and oppressive to him. If judgment is for Beeson, it will most likely be because","score":0,"choices":["legal title remained in Sloan.","The property's value decreased substantially due to the rezoning.","Sloan failed to disclose potential rezoning risks.","Beeson had not yet paid the full purchase price.","The contract was not legally binding.","Sloan assumed the risk.","equity will relieve Beeson of a bad bargain.","Sloan would be unjustly enriched.","The city council's decision was unforeseeable."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1848,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Legal positivism is a school of thought in jurisprudence that holds that laws are rules created by human beings and that there is no inherent or necessary connection between law and morality. It asserts that the validity of a law is not dependent on its moral correctness but rather on its sources and adherence to established procedures. Therefore, it does not regard morals and law as inseparable (B), nor does it suggest that morality is the only basis of law (J). It also does not imply that legal decisions are made purely on emotional grounds (H), nor does it view law as inherently just and moral (I). The least accurate descriptions would be those that contradict these principles.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Which is the least accurate description of legal positivism?","score":1,"choices":["It perceives law as arbitrary and without any logical structure.","It regards morals and law as inseparable.","It espouses the view that there is no necessary connection between morality and law.","It regards a legal order as a closed logical system.","It perceives law as commands.","It regards law as suggestions rather than commands.","It asserts that law is based on personal beliefs and opinions.","It implies that legal decisions are made purely on emotional grounds.","It views law as inherently just and moral.","It suggests that morality is the only basis of law."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1849,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. American realists argued that formalism treats legal reasoning as syllogistic reasoning, which devalues the authority of judges to make law because it assumes that legal decisions can be derived mechanically from established rules without considering the complexities and nuances of real-life situations.\nAnswer: E","question":"American realists argued that formalism devalued the authority of the judge to make law, because:","score":1,"choices":["Judicial decisions are less important than legislation.","The structure of legal reasoning is flawed.","Judges are not allowed to interpret the law, only apply it.","Formalism does not allow for moral considerations in the judiciary process.","Formalism treats legal reasoning as syllogistic reasoning.","Formalism undervalues the influence of societal changes on law.","Judges generally base their decisions on formal logic.","It assumes all laws are written with perfect clarity.","Formalism makes the law rigid and inflexible.","Judges don't have the necessary training to understand formal logic."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1850,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. The protective principle of jurisdiction allows a state to assert jurisdiction over actions committed abroad that threaten its security or vital interests, even if the perpetrator is not a national of that state and the act was committed outside its territory.\nAnswer: E","question":"What is the protective principle of jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the victim","It is jurisdiction in order to protect state sovereignty","It is jurisdiction based on the severity of the crime committed","It is jurisdiction in order to uphold international law","It is jurisdiction based on the harm to national interests by conduct committed abroad","It is jurisdiction based on the location of the crime committed","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the offender","It is jurisdiction in order to protect international human rights","It is jurisdiction to protect the interests of foreign nationals within the country","It is jurisdiction in order to protect one's nationals abroad"],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1851,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. The President's power to issue executive orders is not unlimited and typically requires a basis in either statutory authority or the Constitution itself. While the President has significant authority as commander-in-chief and in foreign affairs, repurposing a federal agency like the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) for tasks outside its statutory mandate, such as international relief efforts, would generally require congressional authorization. This is because such actions fall beyond the scope of the President's inherent powers.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A devastating earthquake struck a foreign country. The earthquake destroyed hundreds of homes and buildings. Thousands of residents were killed, injured, and left homeless by the earthquake. The leader of the foreign country sought the assistance of the United States in providing emergency aid. The President initially wanted to send troops from a west coast military base but learned that they were out on training maneuvers. As a result, the President issued an executive order directing members of a federal agency under the supervision of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, to travel to the foreign country to engage in emergency rescue operations. This federal agency's main function is to patrol the borders to prevent illegal aliens from entering the United States. A member of this federal agency refused to comply with the executive order and assist in the relief effort. He claimed that participating in such operations in a foreign country is beyond the scope of his job responsibilities. He brought suit in federal court challenging the validity of the President's executive order. Assuming the member of the federal agency has adequate standing, the court should rule the executive order","score":0,"choices":["valid, because as commander-in-chief, the President has unfettered authority to require federal employees to participate in an international relief effort.","valid, because the President can repurpose federal agencies for emergency relief efforts.","invalid, because the executive order is beyond the scope of presidential power absent congressional authorization.","invalid, because the executive order did not specify the scope of the relief operations.","invalid, because the executive order infringes upon the rights of federal employees.","invalid, because the INS does not have jurisdiction in foreign countries.","valid, because employees of an executive agency can be required to perform such emergency functions.","valid, because the president's executive power extends to directing federal agencies in times of crisis.","valid, because the President has the power to issue executive orders in times of emergency.","invalid, because the director of the INS, not the President, has the power to issue directives to federal agencies under its supervision."],"correct":"G","answer":"C"}
{"number":1852,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. The President of the United States has broad executive powers, especially in times of emergency and crisis. However, these powers are not unlimited and must be exercised within the scope of the Constitution and existing laws. The President's authority as commander-in-chief primarily pertains to military forces, not civilian federal agencies like the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS). Without specific congressional authorization, repurposing a federal agency for duties beyond its established scope could be seen as exceeding presidential power.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A devastating earthquake struck a foreign country. The earthquake destroyed hundreds of homes and buildings. Thousands of residents were killed, injured, and left homeless by the earthquake. The leader of the foreign country sought the assistance of the United States in providing emergency aid. The President initially wanted to send troops from a west coast military base but learned that they were out on training maneuvers. As a result, the President issued an executive order directing members of a federal agency under the supervision of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, to travel to the foreign country to engage in emergency rescue operations. This federal agency's main function is to patrol the borders to prevent illegal aliens from entering the United States. A member of this federal agency refused to comply with the executive order and assist in the relief effort. He claimed that participating in such operations in a foreign country is beyond the scope of his job responsibilities. He brought suit in federal court challenging the validity of the President's executive order. Assuming the member of the federal agency has adequate standing, the court should rule the executive order","score":0,"choices":["valid, because as commander-in-chief, the President has unfettered authority to require federal employees to participate in an international relief effort.","valid, because the President can repurpose federal agencies for emergency relief efforts.","invalid, because the executive order is beyond the scope of presidential power absent congressional authorization.","invalid, because the executive order did not specify the scope of the relief operations.","invalid, because the executive order infringes upon the rights of federal employees.","invalid, because the INS does not have jurisdiction in foreign countries.","valid, because employees of an executive agency can be required to perform such emergency functions.","valid, because the president's executive power extends to directing federal agencies in times of crisis.","valid, because the President has the power to issue executive orders in times of emergency.","invalid, because the director of the INS, not the President, has the power to issue directives to federal agencies under its supervision."],"correct":"G","answer":"C"}
{"number":1853,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The original conveyance included a condition that if any portion of the tract was used or developed for commercial purposes, the grantor or his successors could reenter and reclaim the estate. The logging company's sale of timber constitutes a commercial use, which triggers this condition. Therefore, the resident has a strong case for reentry based on the terms of the original conveyance.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A resident of a state was the owner of a large tract of virgin forest. The resident conveyed the tract \"to the people of the state in fee simple; provided, however, that if any portion of said tract shall ever be used or developed for any commercial purpose or otherwise converted from its natural state (with exception for recreational, scientific, or educational purposes), then the grantor or his successors in interest may reenter as of the grantor's former estate. \"Under state law, conveyances of real property to \"the people\" of the state are deemed to vest title in the state regarded as a legal entity, and custody over such property resides in an appointed official known as the director of environmental resources. The director granted a logging company the privilege to cut timber on a remote portion of the tract, together with incidental easements of way. The section that the logging company was to clear would be used for the development of a state recreational area. After the privilege was granted, the logging company proceeded to clear the timber, which he later sold for $10,000. When the resident learned that the logging company was cutting the timber and selling it, he notified the director to desist further exploitation of the land. In an ejectment action instituted by the resident against the state to recover the tract, what result would be expected?","score":0,"choices":["The resident would succeed, because the logging company's selling of the timber would constitute an automatic termination of the state's fee interest.","The resident would not succeed, because the logging company was given permission by the state official to clear the timber.","The resident would not succeed, because the land was being used for recreational purposes, which was an exception in the original conveyance.","The resident would not succeed, as the tract was given to the people of the state without any restrictions.","The resident would succeed, because the logging company's actions amounted to commercial use of the land.","The resident would succeed, because the land was converted from its natural state for commercial purposes.","The resident would succeed, because the state did not have the right to grant the logging company the privilege to cut timber.","The resident would not succeed, because the reservation of the resident's right to terminate would be violative of the rule against perpetuities.","The resident would succeed, because the logging company's selling of the timber would entitle the resident to re-enter and terminate the grant to the state.","The resident would not succeed, because the director approved the clearing of the timber in order to develop the area for recreational purposes."],"correct":"J","answer":"E"}
{"number":1854,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The man committed robbery by taking the retiree's wallet and jewelry through force and threat. He also committed burglary by unlawfully entering the apartment with intent to commit a crime inside. The retiree's death occurred as a direct result of the man's actions during the commission of these felonies, which can elevate the charge to felony murder. Felony murder is a legal doctrine that allows for a murder charge if someone dies during the commission of certain felonies, regardless of intent to kill.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A wealthy retiree had amassed a fortune after selling his pharmaceutical company. The retiree and his wife lived in an exquisitely decorated penthouse apartment overlooking a park. One night, the retiree and his wife were returning home from dinner when they were accosted by a man outside their apartment building. The man brandished a gun and told the retiree and his wife to take him to their apartment. Upon entering the apartment, the man blindfolded the retiree and his wife and tied them up with duct tape to chairs in the living room. The man then stole the retiree's wallet and assorted jewelry from the bedroom. After the man exited the apartment, the retiree and his wife tried desperately to free themselves from their constraints. As the retiree was struggling, he suffered a heart attack and died. The man should be found guilty of","score":1,"choices":["burglary and involuntary manslaughter.","robbery and burglary.","involuntary manslaughter.","burglary.","robbery, burglary, and involuntary manslaughter.","burglary, robbery, and murder.","robbery and murder.","robbery.","aggravated assault and robbery.","murder."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1855,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The man committed robbery by taking the retiree's wallet and jewelry through force or threat of force. He also committed burglary by unlawfully entering the apartment with the intent to commit a crime inside. Since the retiree died as a result of the stress caused by the robbery, this could be considered felony murder, where a death occurs during the commission of a felony (robbery and burglary in this case).\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A wealthy retiree had amassed a fortune after selling his pharmaceutical company. The retiree and his wife lived in an exquisitely decorated penthouse apartment overlooking a park. One night, the retiree and his wife were returning home from dinner when they were accosted by a man outside their apartment building. The man brandished a gun and told the retiree and his wife to take him to their apartment. Upon entering the apartment, the man blindfolded the retiree and his wife and tied them up with duct tape to chairs in the living room. The man then stole the retiree's wallet and assorted jewelry from the bedroom. After the man exited the apartment, the retiree and his wife tried desperately to free themselves from their constraints. As the retiree was struggling, he suffered a heart attack and died. The man should be found guilty of","score":1,"choices":["burglary and involuntary manslaughter.","robbery and burglary.","involuntary manslaughter.","burglary.","robbery, burglary, and involuntary manslaughter.","burglary, robbery, and murder.","robbery and murder.","robbery.","aggravated assault and robbery.","murder."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1856,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on the U.S. Constitution for help. Impeachment in the United States involves two steps: the House of Representatives must first pass articles of impeachment by a simple majority vote (B is true). The grounds for impeachment include treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors (A and C are true). However, to convict and remove an official from office, a two-thirds vote in the Senate is required, not a three-fourths vote.\nAnswer: D","question":"The president, vice-president, and U.S. civil officers can be impeached. Which of the following is not true about impeachment?","score":1,"choices":["Grounds include high crimes and misdemeanors","A majority vote in the House is necessary to invoke charges of impeachment","Grounds include treason and bribery","A three-fourths vote in the Senate is necessary to convict and remove from office"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1857,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The Federal Rules of Evidence and similar state rules generally govern the admissibility of evidence in court. Documents like hospital birth records, driver's licenses, and birth certificates are typically considered reliable and admissible. Personal recollections or informal records, such as a social media post or a letter from a friend, might be less reliable but could still be admissible depending on context. However, a family portrait engraved with ages is not a standard or reliable method of proving an exact date of birth and would likely be inadmissible.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A plaintiff sued an insurance company to recover life insurance proceeds. At trial, the issue before the court is the insured's correct date of birth. Which of the following is inadmissible if offered to prove the insured's correct date of birth?","score":0,"choices":["A diary entry from the insured's mother noting the day of the insured's birth.","A family bible with the insured's birth date inscribed on the cover.","A social media post from the insured, celebrating their birthday.","The insured's hospital birth record.","A copy of the insured's driver's license with the birth date.","A photocopy of the insured's birth certificate.","A family portrait engraved with the ages of the family members.","A letter from the insured's childhood friend, recalling their shared birthdays.","A school record indicating the insured's date of birth.","A sworn affidavit from the insured's brother verifying the insured's birth date."],"correct":"J","answer":"G"}
{"number":1858,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on landlord-tenant law for help. Generally, a tenant for years (a fixed-term lease) is responsible for ordinary repairs and maintenance during the lease period unless the lease specifies otherwise. The tenant noticed the leak but did not take action to repair it, which could be seen as negligence in maintaining the property. This makes the tenant liable for damages resulting from their failure to address the issue.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A landlord was the owner of a two-story dwelling house and leased it completely furnished to a tenant for a 10-year period. Toward the end of the seventh year of the term, a violent storm blew off several of the roof shingles. The tenant noticed a leak through the roof where the shingles had blown off, but didn't make any repairs. A month later, a severe rain storm occurred and water leaked through the roof, causing damage to the valuable parquet floors in the two rooms below. In a subsequent proceeding by the landlord against the tenant to recover for the damage to the parquet floors resulting from the leak, liability would most likely be imposed upon","score":1,"choices":["the landlord, because he failed to inspect the property after the storm","both the landlord and the tenant, because they both neglected their responsibilities in maintaining the property.","the tenant, because a tenant for years is obligated to make such ordinary repairs on the leased property.","the landlord, because he was under an implied obligation to keep the premises in a habitable condition.","the landlord, because he was under an affirmative obligation to deliver the premises in a reasonable state of repair.","the tenant, because he noticed the damage and failed to report it to the landlord","the tenant, because he is responsible for any damage that occurs during his lease period","the landlord, because of the contractual obligation under the lease to make all necessary repairs during the term of the lease.","the tenant, because he was negligent in maintaining the property","the landlord, because he didn't provide sufficient maintenance during the lease period"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1859,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Robbery involves taking property from another person through force or threat of force. Although the woman did not have a bomb, she made a threat that could be perceived as intending to instill fear and compel the store owner to act against his will. The fact that the owner was not deceived does not negate the criminality of the threat itself. Therefore, the woman committed attempted robbery, as she made a threat with the intent to obtain money, even though she did not actually have a bomb.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"An elderly woman entered a convenience store and tried to cash her Social Security check. The owner told the woman that he was sorry but it was his policy not to cash Social Security checks. Terribly upset, the woman reached into her pocketbook and said, \"Listen, buddy, I've got a bomb in here, and if you don't give me the money, I'm going to blow up this joint. \" Actually, the woman did not have a bomb in her possession. The owner, who was not deceived by her threat, felt sorry for the woman and agreed to cash the check. The woman, who walked with the assistance of a cane, took the money and limped out of the store. After she left, the owner noticed that the woman had not endorsed the check. The woman has committed which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":1,"choices":["Blackmail.","Fraud.","Conspiracy to commit robbery.","Robbery.","False pretenses.","No crime.","Assault.","Attempted robbery.","Threatening behavior."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1860,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The vacationer is injured on the property of the private park, and the injury is related to the condition or operation of the premises. Premises liability holds property owners and operators responsible for accidents and injuries that occur on their property due to unsafe conditions.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A vacationer, on a winter ski holiday, visited a ski lift in a private park. The ski lift company had installed and operated the lift pursuant to a concession agreement with the owner of the private park. Visitors gained entry to the park on payment of a $5 fee, which entitled them to go ice skating, tobogganing, or sledding. A ski lift ticket cost an additional $7 per day. At the top of the ski lift, there was a platform for embarking and disembarking passengers. The ski lift company paid the owner a stipulated rental plus 15 percent of the net proceeds from the lift. Two employees of the company operated the lift, one from a station at the bottom and the other from a station at the top of the hill. When the vacationer boarded the ski lift, it was late afternoon and most of the skiers had left. He was the sole passenger on the lift. Meanwhile, the employee at the top had left his post to go to the bathroom, asking his friend to keep watch on the lift and to stop it to allow any passengers to disembark. The friend consented, and the employee showed him how to use the control switch. When the vacationer approached the top, the employee was still away. Instead of stopping the lift to permit the vacationer to get off, the friend allowed the lift to keep moving. The vacationer was carried past the platform, and he was swung violently from side to side as the ski lift started downward. When the employee returned and sized up the situation, he threw the switch, stopping the lift. The vacationer, severely bruised and badly frightened, jumped off the ski lift and completed his descent by foot. In a personal injury action by the vacationer against the owner of the private park, the vacationer will rely on the concept of","score":0,"choices":["vicarious liability.","negligence per se.","imputed negligence.","comparative negligence.","assumption of risk.","joint venture.","strict liability.","premises liability.","respondeat superior.","contributory negligence."],"correct":"F","answer":"H"}
{"number":1861,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In a claim of deceit (fraud), the plaintiff must prove that the defendant made a false representation with knowledge of its falsity or reckless disregard for the truth, with the intent to induce the plaintiff to act upon it, and that the plaintiff justifiably relied on the misrepresentation to their detriment.\n\nIn this case, if the fortuneteller did not honestly believe that the woman would live to be 100 years old, it would indicate a false representation made with knowledge of its falsity or reckless disregard for the truth. Therefore, option B is correct because it addresses the requirement of proving that the fortuneteller did not honestly believe in her statement.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A fortune teller told fortunes by means of Tarot cards. An elderly woman, who was worried about her failing health, had heard that the fortuneteller was clairvoyant and could see into the future. Consequently, the woman decided to see the fortuneteller in order to have her Tarot cards read. As the fortuneteller was telling the woman her fortune, she suddenly said, \"I have a vision. If you give me $25,000 tomorrow, you will live to be 100 years old. \" The woman, who was 72 years of age, believed the fortuneteller and gave her the money the next day. The following week, the woman's physician informed her that she had a serious heart disease and he didn't expect her to live for more than a year or two. If the woman asserts a claim against the fortuneteller based on deceit, the plaintiff should","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because she relied to her detriment on the fortune teller's foretelling.","prevail, if the fortuneteller did not honestly believe that the woman would live to be 100 years of age.","not prevail, unless there was a fiduciary relationship between the parties.","not prevail, unless the fortuneteller warranted the truth as believed."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1862,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Deceit, also known as fraudulent misrepresentation, requires the plaintiff to prove that the defendant made a false representation with knowledge of its falsity or reckless disregard for the truth, with the intent to induce the plaintiff to act upon it, and that the plaintiff justifiably relied on this representation to their detriment.\n\nIn this case, if the fortuneteller did not honestly believe that the woman would live to be 100 years old, then she made a false representation with knowledge of its falsity or reckless disregard for the truth. The woman relied on this representation and suffered a financial loss as a result.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A fortune teller told fortunes by means of Tarot cards. An elderly woman, who was worried about her failing health, had heard that the fortuneteller was clairvoyant and could see into the future. Consequently, the woman decided to see the fortuneteller in order to have her Tarot cards read. As the fortuneteller was telling the woman her fortune, she suddenly said, \"I have a vision. If you give me $25,000 tomorrow, you will live to be 100 years old. \" The woman, who was 72 years of age, believed the fortuneteller and gave her the money the next day. The following week, the woman's physician informed her that she had a serious heart disease and he didn't expect her to live for more than a year or two. If the woman asserts a claim against the fortuneteller based on deceit, the plaintiff should","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, unless the fortuneteller warranted the truth as believed.","not prevail, unless there was a fiduciary relationship between the parties.","prevail, if the fortuneteller had a history of fraudulent activities.","prevail, if the fortuneteller did not honestly believe that the woman would live to be 100 years of age.","not prevail, because the fortuneteller didn't force her to give the money.","not prevail, if the woman did not ask for a refund.","not prevail, if she cannot prove the fortuneteller's deceit.","prevail, because she relied to her detriment on the fortune teller's foretelling.","prevail, if the fortune teller cannot prove her clairvoyant abilities."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1863,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. A prior inconsistent statement made by a witness is generally admissible to impeach the credibility of that witness. In this case, the roommate's complaint against the graduate alleging that the latter was driving \"at an excessively high rate of speed\" is a prior inconsistent statement because it contradicts his trial testimony that the rider drove through a red light and swerved into the path of the graduate's automobile.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Following their law school graduation party, a graduate and his roommate were driving home in an automobile that was owned and operated by the graduate. As they were approaching an intersection, their vehicle collided with a motorcycle whose rider was seriously injured in the accident. The rider sued the graduate for operating his motor vehicle in excess of the speed limit. In addition, the roommate brought suit against the rider for operating his motorcycle negligently and driving through a red light. The roommate subsequently reached an out- of-court settlement with the graduate and dismissed the lawsuit against him. At trial against the rider, the roommate testified that he observed the rider drive his motorcycle through a red light and then swerve into the path of the graduate's automobile. In rebuttal, the rider offered into evidence the roommate's complaint against the graduate alleging that the latter was driving \"at an excessively high rate of speed at the time the accident occurred. \"The complaint is","score":0,"choices":["admissible under the former testimony exception to the hearsay rule.","inadmissible, because it is considered hearsay.","admissible as a declaration against interest.","admissible, because the graduate consented to its use.","inadmissible, because the roommate is not a party to the lawsuit.","inadmissible, because the suit was dismissed as part of a compromise.","admissible under the business records exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible as a prior inconsistent statement.","admissible as an admission."],"correct":"I","answer":"H"}
{"number":1864,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. A prior inconsistent statement is a statement made by a witness that contradicts their current testimony. In this case, the roommate's complaint against the graduate alleging excessive speed contradicts his trial testimony that the rider drove through a red light and swerved into the path of the graduate's automobile. Therefore, the complaint can be used to impeach the credibility of the roommate's testimony.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Following their law school graduation party, a graduate and his roommate were driving home in an automobile that was owned and operated by the graduate. As they were approaching an intersection, their vehicle collided with a motorcycle whose rider was seriously injured in the accident. The rider sued the graduate for operating his motor vehicle in excess of the speed limit. In addition, the roommate brought suit against the rider for operating his motorcycle negligently and driving through a red light. The roommate subsequently reached an out- of-court settlement with the graduate and dismissed the lawsuit against him. At trial against the rider, the roommate testified that he observed the rider drive his motorcycle through a red light and then swerve into the path of the graduate's automobile. In rebuttal, the rider offered into evidence the roommate's complaint against the graduate alleging that the latter was driving \"at an excessively high rate of speed at the time the accident occurred. \"The complaint is","score":0,"choices":["admissible under the former testimony exception to the hearsay rule.","inadmissible, because it is considered hearsay.","admissible as a declaration against interest.","admissible, because the graduate consented to its use.","inadmissible, because the roommate is not a party to the lawsuit.","inadmissible, because the suit was dismissed as part of a compromise.","admissible under the business records exception to the hearsay rule.","admissible as a statement of fact.","admissible as a prior inconsistent statement.","admissible as an admission."],"correct":"J","answer":"I"}
{"number":1865,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on self-defense law for help. Self-defense is a legal defense that allows a person to use reasonable force to protect themselves from imminent harm. The key factors are whether the father had a reasonable belief that he was in imminent danger and whether the force used was proportionate to the threat. Given the father's fear and past experiences of violence, he may have reasonably believed he was in imminent danger. Therefore, the judge should instruct the jury on self-defense because there is sufficient evidence to raise this defense.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A father lived with his son, who was addicted to crack cocaine. Under its influence, the son often becameviolent and physically abused his father. As a result, the father always lived in fear. One night, the fatherheard his son on the front stoop making loud obscene remarks. The father was certain that his son wasunder the influence of crack and was terrified that he would be physically beaten again. In his fear, hebolted the front door and took out a revolver. When the son discovered that the door was bolted, he kickedit down. As the son burst through the front door, his father shot him four times in the chest, killing him. Infact, the son was not under the influence of crack or any drug and did not intend to harm his father. At trial, the father presented the above facts and asked the judge to instruct the jury on self-defense. How should the judge instruct the jury with respect to self-defense?","score":1,"choices":["Give the self-defense instruction, because the son forcibly entered the home.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son was not actually under the influence of drugs.","Give the self-defense instruction, because it expresses the defense's theory of the case.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father had other options to protect himself.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the evidence was sufficient to raise the defense.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son was unarmed.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father used excessive force.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father was not in imminent danger from his son."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1866,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on self-defense law for help. Self-defense instructions are given when there is sufficient evidence that the defendant had a reasonable belief of imminent danger and used force proportional to the threat. In this case, the father had a history of being abused by his son and believed he was in imminent danger when his son forcibly entered the home. This belief, even if mistaken, can be considered reasonable under the circumstances.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A father lived with his son, who was addicted to crack cocaine. Under its influence, the son often becameviolent and physically abused his father. As a result, the father always lived in fear. One night, the fatherheard his son on the front stoop making loud obscene remarks. The father was certain that his son wasunder the influence of crack and was terrified that he would be physically beaten again. In his fear, hebolted the front door and took out a revolver. When the son discovered that the door was bolted, he kickedit down. As the son burst through the front door, his father shot him four times in the chest, killing him. Infact, the son was not under the influence of crack or any drug and did not intend to harm his father. At trial, the father presented the above facts and asked the judge to instruct the jury on self-defense. How should the judge instruct the jury with respect to self-defense?","score":1,"choices":["Give the self-defense instruction, because the son forcibly entered the home.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son was not actually under the influence of drugs.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the father had a reasonable fear for his life.","Give the self-defense instruction, because it expresses the defense's theory of the case.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the father had previously been victimized by his son.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father had other options to protect himself.","Give the self-defense instruction, because the evidence was sufficient to raise the defense.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the son was unarmed.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father used excessive force.","Deny the self-defense instruction, because the father was not in imminent danger from his son."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1867,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The parol evidence rule generally prohibits the introduction of extrinsic evidence to contradict or add to the terms of a written contract that appears to be whole. However, there are exceptions where oral agreements can supplement a written contract if they do not contradict the written terms and if the written contract is not fully integrated.\n\nIn this case, the most persuasive argument for the videographer would be that an oral agreement existed regarding the additional $5,000 charge for high definition equipment, and this oral agreement does not contradict the written \"payment clause\" but rather supplements it. This would allow for the possibility of proving that there was an understanding between the parties about the additional cost.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A man hired a videographer to film his daughter's wedding. The written contract entered included a \"payment clause,\" which provided that the videographer would be \"paid $10,000 for the filming and editing of a 60-minute video of the wedding and the reception. \" The man included in the contract a stipulation that the video would be filmed using high definition equipment. The contract made no other reference to compensation. Thereafter, the videographer filmed and edited the 60-minute video, using high definition equipment, and presented it to the man. The videographer then submitted to the man an invoice statement in the amount of $15,000. Besides the $10,000 contract figure, the bill included a $5,000 charge for the use of the high definition equipment. Denying any additional liability, the man sent the videographer a check for $10,000. The videographer then brought suit against the man to recover the additional $5,000. Which of the following arguments would be most persuasive to support the videographer's contention that when the written contract was executed, the man agreed to pay the videographer $5,000 for use of the high definition equipment in addition to the $10,000 fee?","score":0,"choices":["The contract is open to interpretation and does not explicitly state that use of high definition equipment would be included in the $10,000 fee.","The use of high definition equipment is a separate service and not included in the base fee for filming and editing.","According to the customary trade practice of the video industry, a $10,000 fee for filming and editing means $10,000 in addition to a supplemental charge if high definition equipment is used.","An oral agreement to that effect, if provable, would only supplement, not contradict, the \"payment clause\" as written.","The man's stipulation for high definition equipment implies agreement to additional charges associated with the use of such equipment.","The videographer can provide evidence of past clients who were charged separately for the use of high definition equipment.","Assuming arguendo that the written \"payment clause\" was fully integrated and neither patently nor latently ambiguous, equitable considerations require admission of extrinsic evidence, if available, of the parties' intent, since the videographer would stand to lose $5,000 on the contract.","Under the UCC, extrinsic evidence, if available, of additional terms agreed to by the parties is admissible unless such terms \"would certainly vary or contradict those contained in the document. \"","The videographer had previously informed the man of the additional costs of using high definition equipment.","The videographer provided a service above and beyond the agreed upon terms, therefore justifying the additional cost."],"correct":"C","answer":"D"}
{"number":1868,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law of evidence for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, subsequent remedial measures (actions taken after an event to prevent future harm) are generally not admissible to prove negligence or culpable conduct in connection with the event. The rationale is that allowing such evidence would discourage parties from making improvements or repairs after an accident. Therefore, the dismissal of the crossing guard, which is a subsequent remedial measure, would be inadmissible to prove negligence.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Late one evening a man was driving home from his job as a security guard at a jewefry store. As the man approached a railroad crossing he noticed that the barriers to the crossing were open. The man cautiously looked both ways for any train. Assuming that no train was coming, he proceeded across the railroad tracks. Suddenly, an oncoming train struck the man's car, completely demolishing it. The man was dead on arrival at the local hospital. Unknown to the man, the railroad crossing guard, in a drunken stupor, had fallen asleep at the barrier controls. He failed to see or hear the signals from the oncoming train that struck and killed the man. The railroad company was well aware of the crossing guard's alcoholism, but continued to employ him. However, two weeks after the accident occurred, the railroad company fired the crossing guard. The executor of the man's estate institutes a wrongful death action against the railroad company. During the trial, the attorney for the man's estate offered into proof the fact that the defendant railroad company dismissed the crossing guard shortly after the accident. Upon objection by the railroad company's attorney, the court should","score":1,"choices":["overrule the objection, as the employee's dismissal was an admission that the railroad company was aware of the crossing guard's chronic alcoholism.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal is irrelevant to the case at hand.","sustain the objection, as evidence of subsequent remedial repairs is inadmissible.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is direct evidence of negligence.","overrule the objection, as an adoptive admission by conduct.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is evidence of the railroad company's knowledge of the guard's incompetence.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal could unduly influence the jury.","sustain the objection, because the probative value of the evidence would be outweighed by its prejudicial effect.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is circumstantial evidence of negligence.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal could be seen as an admission of guilt."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1869,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. In legal proceedings, evidence of subsequent remedial measures is generally inadmissible to prove negligence or culpable conduct in connection with the event. This rule is designed to encourage parties to make repairs or improvements after an accident without fear that their actions will be used against them in court.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Late one evening a man was driving home from his job as a security guard at a jewefry store. As the man approached a railroad crossing he noticed that the barriers to the crossing were open. The man cautiously looked both ways for any train. Assuming that no train was coming, he proceeded across the railroad tracks. Suddenly, an oncoming train struck the man's car, completely demolishing it. The man was dead on arrival at the local hospital. Unknown to the man, the railroad crossing guard, in a drunken stupor, had fallen asleep at the barrier controls. He failed to see or hear the signals from the oncoming train that struck and killed the man. The railroad company was well aware of the crossing guard's alcoholism, but continued to employ him. However, two weeks after the accident occurred, the railroad company fired the crossing guard. The executor of the man's estate institutes a wrongful death action against the railroad company. During the trial, the attorney for the man's estate offered into proof the fact that the defendant railroad company dismissed the crossing guard shortly after the accident. Upon objection by the railroad company's attorney, the court should","score":1,"choices":["overrule the objection, as the employee's dismissal was an admission that the railroad company was aware of the crossing guard's chronic alcoholism.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal is irrelevant to the case at hand.","sustain the objection, as evidence of subsequent remedial repairs is inadmissible.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is direct evidence of negligence.","overrule the objection, as an adoptive admission by conduct.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is evidence of the railroad company's knowledge of the guard's incompetence.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal could unduly influence the jury.","sustain the objection, because the probative value of the evidence would be outweighed by its prejudicial effect.","overrule the objection, as the dismissal is circumstantial evidence of negligence.","sustain the objection, as the dismissal could be seen as an admission of guilt."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1870,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Self-defense typically requires an immediate threat of harm, and the use of force must be proportional and necessary to prevent that harm. In this case, the wife hired a hit man to kill her husband while he was asleep, which does not align with the immediate threat requirement of self-defense. Additionally, the opportunity to leave or seek other means of protection undermines the necessity argument. Therefore, the judge should not give a self-defense instruction based on these facts.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A wife was unhappily married to her husband, an alcoholic. When the husband got drunk, he would become abusive and beat the wife. During the course of their marriage, the beatings became more violent and more frequent. Unable to endure the physical abuse any longer, the wife hired a hit man to kill her husband. One night while the husband was asleep, the hit man entered the home with a key given to him by the wife and shot the husband to death. Afterward, the wife was prosecuted for murder as an accomplice. At trial, the prosecution presented the facts outlined above. Thereafter, the defense sought to have the judge instruct the jury that the wife acted in self- defense under the battered women's syndrome. Based on the given facts, should the judge give such an instruction to the jury?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because, on these facts, a reasonable jury could conclude that the wife acted in self- defense by using necessary force to protect herself from the husband's constant violent attacks.","Yes, because the wife was suffering from a psychological condition, battered women's syndrome, which justifies her actions.","No, because the wife had the opportunity to leave the house but instead chose to kill her husband.","Yes, because the wife had no other means to protect herself from the husband's constant violent attacks.","No, because even though the wife was the victim of spousal abuse, she could have avoided the danger by safely retreating.","Yes, because the wife was acting under duress due to constant physical abuse.","No, because the wife's belief in the necessity of deadly force in self-defense was unreasonable.","Yes, because a criminal defendant's Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial prohibits a court from refusing to submit affirmative defenses to the jury."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1871,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Self-defense typically requires an imminent threat of harm, and the use of force must be proportional and necessary to prevent that harm. In this case, the wife premeditated the murder by hiring a hit man, which removes the immediacy and necessity elements required for a self-defense claim. Additionally, she had other options such as leaving the house or seeking help from law enforcement. Therefore, her actions do not meet the legal standards for self-defense.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A wife was unhappily married to her husband, an alcoholic. When the husband got drunk, he would become abusive and beat the wife. During the course of their marriage, the beatings became more violent and more frequent. Unable to endure the physical abuse any longer, the wife hired a hit man to kill her husband. One night while the husband was asleep, the hit man entered the home with a key given to him by the wife and shot the husband to death. Afterward, the wife was prosecuted for murder as an accomplice. At trial, the prosecution presented the facts outlined above. Thereafter, the defense sought to have the judge instruct the jury that the wife acted in self- defense under the battered women's syndrome. Based on the given facts, should the judge give such an instruction to the jury?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because, on these facts, a reasonable jury could conclude that the wife acted in self- defense by using necessary force to protect herself from the husband's constant violent attacks.","Yes, because the wife was suffering from a psychological condition, battered women's syndrome, which justifies her actions.","No, because the wife had the opportunity to leave the house but instead chose to kill her husband.","Yes, because the wife had no other means to protect herself from the husband's constant violent attacks.","No, because even though the wife was the victim of spousal abuse, she could have avoided the danger by safely retreating.","No, because the wife had the option of seeking help from law enforcement or a women's shelter.","Yes, because the wife was acting under duress due to constant physical abuse.","No, because the wife's belief in the necessity of deadly force in self-defense was unreasonable.","No, because the wife premeditated the murder, therefore it cannot be considered self-defense.","Yes, because a criminal defendant's Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial prohibits a court from refusing to submit affirmative defenses to the jury."],"correct":"H","answer":"I"}
{"number":1872,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment requires states to treat all individuals in similar conditions equally. However, the Supreme Court has recognized that states have a legitimate interest in limiting certain positions, particularly those involving significant government functions, to citizens. This is known as the \"political function\" exception. Police officers fall within this category because they participate directly in the execution of broad public policy and exercise significant discretion.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A permanent resident alien applied for a position as a state trooper. A state trooper is a member of the state police force, a law enforcement body that exercises broad police authority throughout the state. The position of state trooper is filled on the basis of competitive examinations taken by all of the applicants. After the resident alien applied for the position, the state authorities refused him permission to take the qualifying examination. The state authorities based their refusal on state statute, which provided:\"No person shall become a member of the state police unless he/she shall be a citizen of the United States. \"Thus, under this provision, as a prerequisite to becoming a member of the state police, an alien must relinquish his foreign citizenship and become a citizen. In an opinion upholding the validity of the statute, the State Attorney General noted that since police officers fall within the category of important non-elective officials who participate directly in the execution of broad public policy, only citizens of the United States should be qualified to apply for such positions. \"At the time the resident alien applied for a position as a state trooper, he was a citizen of a foreign country and not currently eligible for citizenship. As a result of a federal statute, Congress has imposed a five-year residency requirement for the attainment of citizenship. Under this federal law, an alien must reside in this country for a period of five years as a prerequisite before applying for citizenship. At this time, the resident alien had only lawfully been residing in the United States for two years, and thus would not be eligible to apply for naturalization until three years later. If the resident alien brings suit in federal court challenging the constitutionality of the state statute limiting the membership of its state police force to citizens of the United States, the court will most likely declare the statute","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, because citizenship bears a rational relationship to the special demands of the police function.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","constitutional, as it falls under the state's right to regulate its own law enforcement bodies.","unconstitutional, as it infringes on the resident alien's right to seek employment.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","unconstitutional, because it is an unfair restriction on the resident alien's opportunity for employment.","constitutional, because the statute is within the state's plenary power to regulate the health, safety, and welfare of its citizens.","unconstitutional, because it violates the resident alien's rights under the Fifth Amendment.","constitutional, because the statute does not specifically discriminate against any particular nationality or ethnicity."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1873,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment provides that no state shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. This clause has been interpreted to apply to resident aliens as well. The Supreme Court has held that laws discriminating against resident aliens are subject to strict scrutiny, particularly when they concern employment opportunities. However, there is an exception for positions that are integral to self-government and the democratic process, such as police officers, which may be subject to a lower standard of review.\n\nGiven this context, the strongest argument would be based on the equal protection clause, but recognizing that courts have allowed some leeway for states in regulating positions closely tied to public policy and safety.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A permanent resident alien applied for a position as a state trooper. A state trooper is a member of the state police force, a law enforcement body that exercises broad police authority throughout the state. The position of state trooper is filled on the basis of competitive examinations taken by all of the applicants. After the resident alien applied for the position, the state authorities refused him permission to take the qualifying examination. The state authorities based their refusal on state statute, which provided:\"No person shall become a member of the state police unless he/she shall be a citizen of the United States. \"Thus, under this provision, as a prerequisite to becoming a member of the state police, an alien must relinquish his foreign citizenship and become a citizen. In an opinion upholding the validity of the statute, the State Attorney General noted that since police officers fall within the category of important non-elective officials who participate directly in the execution of broad public policy, only citizens of the United States should be qualified to apply for such positions. \"At the time the resident alien applied for a position as a state trooper, he was a citizen of a foreign country and not currently eligible for citizenship. As a result of a federal statute, Congress has imposed a five-year residency requirement for the attainment of citizenship. Under this federal law, an alien must reside in this country for a period of five years as a prerequisite before applying for citizenship. At this time, the resident alien had only lawfully been residing in the United States for two years, and thus would not be eligible to apply for naturalization until three years later. If the resident alien brings suit in federal court challenging the constitutionality of the state statute limiting the membership of its state police force to citizens of the United States, the court will most likely declare the statute","score":0,"choices":["constitutional, because citizenship bears a rational relationship to the special demands of the police function.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","constitutional, as it falls under the state's right to regulate its own law enforcement bodies.","unconstitutional, as it infringes on the resident alien's right to seek employment.","unconstitutional, because it constitutes a violation of the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","constitutional, because the resident alien does not yet meet the federal requirements for citizenship.","unconstitutional, because it is an unfair restriction on the resident alien's opportunity for employment.","constitutional, because the statute is within the state's plenary power to regulate the health, safety, and welfare of its citizens.","unconstitutional, because it violates the resident alien's rights under the Fifth Amendment.","constitutional, because the statute does not specifically discriminate against any particular nationality or ethnicity."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":1874,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects individuals from being compelled to incriminate themselves. However, the requirement to stop and provide information at the scene of an accident is generally considered a regulatory measure rather than a testimonial act that would invoke the privilege against self-incrimination. Courts have typically held that such requirements are part of the state's interest in regulating traffic and ensuring public safety, and thus do not violate the Fifth Amendment.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state has the following hit-and-run statute in effect:\"Any driver of a motor vehicle (including but not limited to automobiles, trucks, buses, or motorcycles) involved in an accident or collision resulting in injury or death to a human being shall immediately stop his or her vehicle at the scene of such accident or collision, render necessary aid to the injured victim, and furnish the police or other person(s) at the scene with his or her name, address and driver's license. Any violation or noncompliance with said statute shall be punished by imprisonment for not less than three years nor more than seven years. \"The defendant was involved in an accident that involved injuries to the other driver. The defendant, however, knowing his license to be revoked and afraid of being arrested, fled the scene. However, the victim was able to write down the license number of the defendant's vehicle, and the defendant was rapidly apprehended and put in jail. The defendant is charged with violating the aforementioned statute. He files a motion to dismiss on the grounds that the disclosure requirement of the statute violates his privilege against self-incrimination. His motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the statute makes no provision for Miranda warnings concerning his right to remain silent.","denied, because in accordance with public policy considerations, the required disclosures are insufficiently testimonial.","denied, because the defendant's license was already revoked, making the disclosure requirement irrelevant.","denied, because the legislative intent in enacting the statute was designed to require disclosure of information to be used primarily in civil litigation.","granted, because the defendant was unaware of the statute at the time of the accident.","granted, because the statute does not specify the consequences of having a revoked license.","granted, because the statute requires him to provide incriminating information that can be used againsthim in a criminal prosecution.","granted, because the defendant's fear of arrest prevented him from complying with the statute."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1875,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The privilege against self-incrimination is protected under the Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which states that no person \"shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself.\" However, the requirement to provide basic identifying information at the scene of an accident is generally considered a regulatory measure rather than a testimonial one. Courts have held that such requirements are justified by public policy considerations, such as ensuring that victims receive aid and that drivers involved in accidents can be identified.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A state has the following hit-and-run statute in effect:\"Any driver of a motor vehicle (including but not limited to automobiles, trucks, buses, or motorcycles) involved in an accident or collision resulting in injury or death to a human being shall immediately stop his or her vehicle at the scene of such accident or collision, render necessary aid to the injured victim, and furnish the police or other person(s) at the scene with his or her name, address and driver's license. Any violation or noncompliance with said statute shall be punished by imprisonment for not less than three years nor more than seven years. \"The defendant was involved in an accident that involved injuries to the other driver. The defendant, however, knowing his license to be revoked and afraid of being arrested, fled the scene. However, the victim was able to write down the license number of the defendant's vehicle, and the defendant was rapidly apprehended and put in jail. The defendant is charged with violating the aforementioned statute. He files a motion to dismiss on the grounds that the disclosure requirement of the statute violates his privilege against self-incrimination. His motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the statute makes no provision for Miranda warnings concerning his right to remain silent.","denied, because in accordance with public policy considerations, the required disclosures are insufficiently testimonial.","denied, because the defendant's license was already revoked, making the disclosure requirement irrelevant.","denied, because the legislative intent in enacting the statute was designed to require disclosure of information to be used primarily in civil litigation.","denied, because the statute is in place to protect victims of accidents, not the drivers causing them.","granted, because the defendant was unaware of the statute at the time of the accident.","denied, because the defendant's flight from the scene indicates a consciousness of guilt.","granted, because the statute does not specify the consequences of having a revoked license.","granted, because the statute requires him to provide incriminating information that can be used againsthim in a criminal prosecution.","granted, because the defendant's fear of arrest prevented him from complying with the statute."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1876,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The Best Evidence Rule requires the original document to prove the content of a writing, recording, or photograph unless it is unavailable for some reason other than the serious fault of the proponent. In this case, the original contract was destroyed in a robbery, which is not the fault of the tenant. Therefore, secondary evidence (such as testimony about the contents of the contract) is admissible under these circumstances.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A tenant lived in a small apartment building that was owned by a landlord. In July, the landlord was killed in an accident. In August, the tenant brought an action against the administrator of the landlord's state. The tenant alleged that he and the landlord had a contract under the terms of which the landlord was supposed to pay him $50 a week to mow the lawn and perform small maintenance repairs for the other tenants. He claimed that the landlord had not paid him for the past six months. He testified that there was a written contract and that the landlord kept the only copy of it in his home. At trial, he called the landlord's accountant to testify about the contract. The accountant testified that she had seen the contract. She further testified about the terms of the contract, consistent with the tenant's testimony. She testified that the contract, along with many other documents pertaining to the landlord's business, had most likely been destroyed when the landlord's business office was robbed a few months earlier. The trial judge should rule that the accountant's. testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a written admission by the party opponent.","admissible, because it corroborates the tenant's claims.","inadmissible, because the accountant's testimony is not the best evidence.","inadmissible under the Dead Man's Statute.","admissible as secondary evidence under the circumstances.","inadmissible, because the accountant is an interested party.","admissible, because it falls under the business record exception.","inadmissible, because it constitutes hearsay evidence.","inadmissible, due to the lack of physical contract as evidence.","admissible as an exception to the hearsay rule."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1877,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law and rescue doctrine for help. The rescue doctrine allows a rescuer to recover damages if they are injured while attempting to help someone in danger due to another's negligence. However, the key issue here is whether the electrical company was negligent. The pedestrian might argue that the company should have ensured the area was safe or provided better equipment, but the company's liability would depend on whether it acted reasonably under the circumstances.\n\nGiven that the repairman had properly fixed the ladder and the slipping was due to wet ground from a natural disaster, it is less likely that negligence can be established against the company. Therefore, the pedestrian's claim would most likely not prevail.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A repairman repaired damaged electrical power lines and replaced old, worn-out equipment whenever necessary for the local municipal electrical company. After a violent tornado had ripped through the city, the electrical company was busily trying to restore electrical power to its customers. The morning after the storm, the repairman was perched on a ladder trying to repair a high-voltage power line. As he was removing the cover of the transformer box, the ladder suddenly slipped on the wet ground, even though it had been properly fixed into position. The repairman struggled to maintain his balance and, luckily, the ladder came to rest against the transformer box. A pedestrian, who was walking on the street below, saw the repairman's predicament and began to climb the ladder to aid him. As the pedestrian was ascending the ladder, his foot slipped, and he fell to the ground. His fall caused the ladder to jar loose the transformer box, which in turn sent the repairman falling to the pavement. The repairman and the pedestrian both suffered serious injuries. If the pedestrian asserts a claim against the electrical company for his injuries, he will most likely","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the pedestrian was acting as a good Samaritan.","prevail, because the company should have ensured the area was safe for pedestrians.","not prevail, because the company had no control over the ladder slipping due to wet ground.","prevail, because he was attempting to rescue the repairman.","prevail, because the company failed to provide immediate assistance to the repairman.","not prevail, because the electrical company is not liable for accidents caused by natural disasters.","prevail, because a public utility company is strictly liable in tort.","not prevail, because the repairman was not negligent in not affixing the ladder properly."],"correct":"H","answer":"C"}
{"number":1878,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, typically requiring a warrant. However, there are exceptions, such as exigent circumstances where evidence is at risk of being destroyed. In this case, the sound of flushing toilets indicated that evidence was being destroyed, which can justify immediate entry without a warrant.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"Police officers had probable cause to believe that drug dealing was routinely taking place in a particular room at a local motel. The motel manager authorized the officers to enter the room and provided them with a passkey. Without obtaining a warrant, the officers knocked on the room's door, announced their presence, and told the occupants that they would like to speak with them. The officers then heard yelling and repeated flushing of the toilet. They then used the passkey and entered the room, where they saw the occupants dumping drugs into the toilet. The occupants of the room were charged with drug dealing and have moved to suppress the drugs. Should the court grant the motion to suppress?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the sound of flushing toilet provided sufficient reason for immediate entry.","Yes, because the motel manager did not have the authority to consent to the officers' entry.","Yes, because the officers did not have a search warrant.","Yes, because the officers cannot benefit from exigent circumstances that they created.","No, because exigent circumstances justified the officers' entry.","Yes, because the officers should have waited for the occupants to open the door.","No, because the occupants were actively destroying evidence.","Yes, because exigent circumstances cannot excuse the lack of a warrant.","No, because the motel manager consented to the officers' entry.","No, because the officers had probable cause to enter the room."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1879,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless it falls within a recognized exception. The classmate's testimony about the college student's reaction (bowing his head and walking away) can be seen as an implied admission by conduct, which is an exception to the hearsay rule.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A college student and a man got into a fight at a bar while playing pooi. The college student allegedly started the fight when he struck the man in the head with a pool cue after the man sank a game-winning shot. At the college student's trial for assault, the prosecution called one of the college student's classmates to testify. The classmate was not at the bar during the fight. The classmate offered to testify that the next day at class, he approached the college student and said, \"It was wrong of you to start a fight with the man over a game of pool,\" at which point, the college student bowed his head and walked away. The classmate's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a statement of the declarantâ€™s then-existing state of mind.","inadmissible as a character evidence.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","admissible as a prior consistent statement.","inadmissible as a statement that is not in the defendant's favor.","inadmissible because the classmate was not an eyewitness to the fight.","inadmissible as self-serving.","admissible as part of the res gestae.","admissible as an admission.","admissible as a statement of personal or family history."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1880,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, which includes the need for a warrant to conduct surveillance. In this case, the police placed a listening device in the woman's jail cell without securing a warrant, which constitutes an illegal method of gathering evidence. Therefore, the motion to exclude the man's incriminating statement should be granted based on the illegality of the police's actions.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A man and a woman were arrested and charged with bank robbery. After receiving Miranda warnings, both requested an attorney. Following their arrests, the man and the woman were placed in separate jail cells. The next day before arraignment, the man asked a police officer if he could see his friend, the woman. The man was taken to the woman's jail cell and allowed to talk to her. Neither defendant knew that the police had placed a listening device in the woman's jail cell. As a result, their conversation was being overheard and recorded by the police. The police planted the listening device without first securing a warrant. While they were together, the man told the woman not to admit to anything because they could beat the charges with the help of a good lawyer. At trial, the prosecution sought to introduce the man's incriminating statement into evidence. The man's attorney has filed a motion to exclude. The motion should be","score":0,"choices":["denied, because the statement did not violate the man's Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.","denied, because the conversation occurred after the defendants were given their Miranda warnings.","granted, because the man was not informed that his conversation would be recorded.","denied, because the man voluntarily made the statement to the woman.","denied, because the defendants did not have a reasonable expectation of privacy.","granted, because the police used illegal methods to gather evidence.","granted, because both defendants requested an attorney before engaging in their conversation.","granted, because the police violated the woman's privacy by placing a listening device in her cell.","denied, because the defendants were in police custody and should have assumed their conversation could be overheard."],"correct":"E","answer":"F"}
{"number":1881,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court generally does not review cases that rest on adequate and independent state-law grounds. In this case, the state supreme court's judgment was based on its interpretation of its own state's constitution, which provides greater protection than the federal Constitution. Therefore, the U.S. Supreme Court is unlikely to review the state supreme court judgment.\nAnswer: E","question":"A state law provides for an award of damages against anyone who publishes the name of a rape victim. Pursuant to that law, a woman sued a local newspaper in state court after the newspaper identified her as a rape victim. The state trial and appellate courts rejected the claim, holding that the state law was invalid under both the state constitution and the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. The state supreme court affirmed, holding specifically: \"We think that this well-intentioned law very likely violates the First Amendment of the federal Constitution. We need not, however, decide that issue, because the law assuredly violates our state constitution, which provides even greater protection to the right of the press to report the news.\" The woman petitioned for review in the U.S. Supreme Court. Is the U.S. Supreme Court likely to review the state supreme court judgment?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the woman already had the opportunity to present her case in the state courts.","No, because the First Amendment prohibits the imposition of liability for the publication of truthful information.","Yes, because the state supreme court made a constitutional error in its judgment.","No, because the U.S. Supreme Court generally does not review cases involving state laws.","No, because the judgment of the state supreme court rests upon an adequate and independent state-law ground.","Yes, because the U.S. Supreme Court has the power to review decisions of state supreme courts.","No, because the state supreme court's judgment was based on its interpretation of its own state's constitution.","Yes, because the First Amendment rights of the press are at stake.","Yes, because the supremacy clause does not permit a state to create rights greater than those conferred by the federal Constitution.","Yes, because the U.S. Supreme Court's appellate jurisdiction extends to cases arising under federal law."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1882,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The question posed by the defendant's attorney is aimed at revealing potential bias or motive of the informer, which is a legitimate line of inquiry in cross-examination. The informer's hopes and misdemeanor convictions could suggest a reason for bias, as the informer might be motivated to testify in a way that pleases the police department in hopes of securing a job or leniency regarding his past convictions.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"In a prosecution of a defendant for receiving stolen property, an informer testified that the defendant sold him a stolen stereo, which the defendant knew had been stolen. During direct examination, the informer testified that he was unemployed but sometimes worked part-time as a substitute teacher. On cross-examination, the defendant's attorney asked the informer if he had recently filed an application to become a police officer. The informer responded affirmatively. The defendant's attorney then asked the informer the following question:\"Isn't it true that you hope that by acting as an undercover agent, the police department will overlook the fact that you had two misdemeanor convictions for possession of marijuana?\" The prosecuting attorney immediately objected. The trial judge should rule that the defendant's attorney's inquiry concerning the informer's hopes and misdemeanor convictions is","score":1,"choices":["improper, as it infringes on the informer's personal privacy.","improper, as it is unrelated to the crime being prosecuted.","proper, as tending to show the informer's bad character for truthfulness.","improper, as it is speculative in nature.","proper, as relevant to the informer's possible bias.","proper, as it is a form of character evidence.","improper, as relating to convictions of crimes not punishable by imprisonment in excess of one year.","improper, as evidence of conduct not related to truthfulness."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1883,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The key issue here is whether the corporation can be held liable for the student's injuries based on the depiction of the helmet's use on the packaging. The student used the helmet based on the representation made by the corporation, which depicted an off-duty marine wearing the helmet while riding a bicycle. This could be construed as a form of implied warranty or misrepresentation about the helmet's suitability for cycling.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A 20-year-old student at a state university enrolled in the university's R. O. T. C (Reserve Officers' Training Corps. ) program. As part of her R. O. T. C. training, the student was required to spend three weeks at a camp for Marine Corps. summer field exercises. While at the camp, the student was given a new synthetic helmet to wear during her basic training. An agency purchased the new high-technology helmets for the Army and Marine Corps. to replace the old \"steel pot\" headgear worn for decades by U. S. soldiers. These new synthetic helmets were manufactured by a corporation and were made of Kevlar, an extremely tough fiber material with high energy-absorbing qualities that made it stronger in some ways than steel. When the student received her helmet from the Marine Corps. , it was packaged in the original carton supplied by the corporation. On the box, there was a picture that depicted an off-duty marine wearing the helmet while riding a bicycle. One afternoon after training, the student decided to take a ride on her bicycle. Believing that it could be used as a bicycle helmet, the student decided to use it for that purpose. During the ride, the student hit a deep pothole that caused her to be thrown headfirst from the bicycle. As she was flying through the air, the strap from her helmet came loose, and the helmet fell off her head. The student landed on a lawn and was temporarily knocked unconscious. She suffered serious head injuries. If the student asserts a claim against the corporation to recover damages for her injuries, she will most likely","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, because the student failed to secure the helmet strap properly.","prevail, because the corporation was negligent in their depiction of the helmet's use.","prevail, because the corporation failed to test the helmet for use in non-combat situations.","prevail, because under the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur negligence can be inferred from the fact that the helmet came off the student's head.","prevail, because the original package depicted a picture of a cyclist wearing the helmet.","prevail, because the corporation should have provided a warning against using the helmet for non-military purposes.","not prevail, because the student assumed the risk by choosing to use the helmet while cycling.","not prevail, because the helmet had been properly designed by the corporation for its intended use by the Army and Marine Corps."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1885,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a sale-leaseback arrangement, the investor retains ownership of the property and the lessee has rights to use it under the terms of the lease agreement. Typically, lease agreements include clauses that require the lessee to obtain written consent from the lessor (investor) before making significant alterations or improvements to the property. This protects the investor's interest in maintaining the value and integrity of their property.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"An owner-retailer in a small shopping center entered into a sale-leaseback arrangement with an investor. The retailer stayed in possession and became the lessee for the next 25 years with monthly payments and various obligations regarding maintaining the property. The retailer had to pay most of the expenses on the property, and had options for further extensions but not to purchase the property back. Within a few years, lessee's business grew and he wanted to tear down one of the buildings and attach a new building to his store. The investor refused to consent. Lessee filed suit asking for an order compelling compliance. Will the court likely order the investor to comply with the lessor's demands?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the lessee will be able to make the improvements without the investor's consent but the improvements will belong to the investor.","No, because in every sale-leaseback agreement, there is a clause guaranteeing that the lessee cannot make improvements without the written consent of the investor.","No, because the investor can deny any changes that they think will devalue the property.","Yes, because the lessee's equity interest surpasses the investor's interest, giving the lessee the right to make improvements.","Yes, because the lessee has the right to make alterations to improve business operations.","Yes, since the lessee's business is growing and needs expansion, the investor should comply.","Yes, because the lessee has the right to make changes as he is the one paying for the property.","No, the investor has the final say in any changes to the property since they are the legal owner.","No, it will preclude the lessee from making such drastic changes without the investor's consent."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1886,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The scenario involves a state-imposed tax that affects interstate commerce, as no manufacturer of slot machines is located in the state and the tax impacts the purchase and adaptation of slot machines. The Commerce Clause gives Congress the power to regulate commerce among the states, and this state tax could be seen as a burden on interstate commerce.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Over the last several years, the economy of a state has substantially changed. The state's economy used to be based solely on heavy industry. However, the state legislature approved legalized gambling within the state. As a consequence, many casinos and new hotels were built and the state's economy boomed. These moves were often induced by the granting by the state of special tax benefits for the construction of new casinos and hotels under state statutes. Recently, however, neighboring states have legalized gambling and offered greater tax incentives to the gaming industry. As a result, many of the casino and hotel owners have begun to leave the state. The unemployment and social welfare benefits the state has had to pay have substantially increased, burdening the remaining casinos, and also making it difficult for the state to lower its taxes to remain competitive with other states. On account of this predicament, the state legislature passed, and the governor duly signed, an emergency bill into law. According to the statute, the state imposed a one cent tax on the playing of any slot machine in any gambling casino. Since virtually all the slot machines required a payment of either a dime, quarter, or dollar, the imposition of this tax required a major costly adaptation on each slot machine to allow for the deposit of the additional one cent tax. Although many casino owners have complained about the tax, their only alternative is to absorb the tax themselves and lose one cent per game. As a consequence of the tax, fewer slot machines are purchased in the state by the casino owners. No manufacturer of slot machines is located in the state. Which of the following constitutional provisions provide the strongest ground to attack the validity of the state tax bill?","score":1,"choices":["The full faith and credit clause of Article IV, Section 1.","The third amendment's prohibition against quartering soldiers.","The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.","The privileges and immunities clause of Article IV, Section 2.","The establishment clause of the First Amendment.","The contract clause of Article I, Section 10.","The fourth amendment's protection against unreasonable searches and seizures.","The tenth amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","The commerce clause.","The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1887,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Robbery is defined as the unlawful taking of property from a person or their immediate presence, against their will, by means of force or fear. In situations A, B, D, E, F, H, and I, there is clear use of force or threat to take property directly from a person. In situation G, the defendant found a lost wallet and took the money and cards without using force or fear against another person. This act would more likely be classified as theft rather than robbery.\nAnswer: G","question":"In which of the following situations would the defendant most likely be found NOT GUILTY of robbery?","score":0,"choices":["A defendant approached a man on the street and asked for his wallet. The man refused and the defendant threatened him with a knife. The man handed over his wallet and the defendant ran away.","A defendant was walking behind a shopper in a mall when he suddenly reached for her gold chain, pulled it from her neck, and ran away into the crowd. The shopper suffered a slight cut on her neck where the chain broke.","A defendant was shopping in a grocery store when he noticed a woman's purse in the shopping cart unattended. He quickly took the purse and left the store.","A defendant broke into a house and took a stereo system. After he had placed the system in his car and was about to leave, the homeowner came home and saw him. She raced to the car and started to hit the defendant through the open window in an attempt to get her stereo back. The defendant punched her in the nose and drove away with the system.","In a dark alley, a defendant approached the victim and said, \"Give me the gold ring on your finger or I'll shoot you with this gun. \" The victim gave him the ring. However, the ring really belonged to someone else, as the victim was just borrowing it for the evening to impress his girlfriend. In addition, the gun that the defendant had in his possession was really a water pistol.","A defendant walked into a bank and handed a note to the teller demanding money. The teller gave him the money and he left the bank.","A defendant found a lost wallet on the street. He took the money and cards from the wallet and threw it in the trash.","A defendant entered a store and asked the cashier to show him a necklace. When the cashier turned around to get the necklace, the defendant took money from the cash register and ran away.","A defendant picked the lock on an apartment door. The noise startled the tenant, who had been sleeping. The defendant overpowered the tenant, tied him up, and forced him to disclose where he kept his money. The tenant told the defendant to look in the kitchen cabinet, which he did. The defendant found $120 in cash, took the money, and left the apartment."],"correct":"D","answer":"G"}
{"number":1888,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. First-degree murder typically involves premeditation, which is not present here. Second-degree murder involves intent to kill without premeditation, which might be considered given the husband's reaction. Involuntary manslaughter involves unintentional killing due to reckless behavior, which doesn't fit as well since there was a clear intent to harm. Self-defense and justifiable homicide are defenses that might be argued but don't directly apply as the husband initiated the physical confrontation. Therefore, second-degree murder is the most appropriate charge given the circumstances.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A husband came home early from work one day. He walked to the bedroom and, upon opening the door, saw his wife and another man in bed together. Visibly upset, the husband told the other man to leave. As the man was reaching for his pants, he pulled out a gun, fearing that the husband was about to attack him. When the husband saw the gun, he jumped on the man and angrily twisted his neck, breaking it and killing him. The husband is guilty for which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":0,"choices":["No crime.","Second-degree murder.","Murder.","Self-defense.","First-degree murder.","Involuntary manslaughter.","Assault.","Justifiable homicide.","Aggravated assault."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":1889,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Burglary typically involves entering a building unlawfully with the intent to commit a crime inside. The strongest defense would be to challenge the element of intent, as the man did not intend to commit a crime inside the house but was trying to retrieve what he believed was his own property.\nAnswer: F","question":"A man who owned a business believed that one of his employees was stealing computer equipment from the business. He decided to break into the employee's house one night, when he knew that the employee and her family would be away, to try to find and retrieve the equipment. The man had brought a picklock to open the employee's back door, but when he tried the door, he found that it was unlocked, so he entered. As the man was looking around the house, he heard sounds outside and became afraid. He left the house but was arrested by police on neighborhood patrol. What is the man's strongest defense to a burglary charge?","score":1,"choices":["The back door to the house was unlocked.","The man was scared and left the house before committing a crime.","The man did not actually use the picklock.","The man was arrested outside, not inside, the house.","The man was only trying to retrieve his own property.","The man did not intend to commit a crime inside the house.","The man believed the stolen property was his.","The house was not occupied at the time of his entry.","The man did not take anything from the house."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1890,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, \"cause-in-fact\" refers to the actual cause of harm, meaning that the harm would not have occurred \"but for\" the defendant's actions. \"Legal cause\" (or proximate cause) involves foreseeability and whether it is fair to hold the defendant responsible for the harm.\n\n1. The rancher's installation of the electrical wiring was intended to protect livestock and was not inherently dangerous to humans.\n2. The voltage was low enough that it posed no risk of injury to a human being, even a small child.\n3. The cowboy's death was caused by an unforeseeable event: his pacemaker short-circuiting due to the electric current.\n\nGiven these points, the rancher's action was not reckless or negligent because it was not foreseeable that such a low-intensity electric current would cause harm to a person with a pacemaker. Therefore, while the wiring device may be considered the cause-in-fact of the cowboy's death (since the death would not have occurred but for the electric shock), it is unlikely to be considered the legal cause because the specific harm was unforeseeable.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A rancher owned a 2,000-acre cattle ranch in a remote section of the state. For some time the rancher's cattle had been seized upon by roaming packs of wolves. In order to protect his livestock from these attacks, the rancher erected a fence around his property. In addition, the rancher installed electrical wiring on the fence. The wiring transmitted an electric current, which would emit a shock upon contact with the fence. Although the voltage was calculated to frighten animals away from the fence, it was of such low intensity that it posed no risk of injury to a human being, even a small child. Consequently, the rancher did not post any notice of the electrical wiring device. One day, a cowboy was riding his horse along the outskirts of the rancher's property, when a gust of wind blew his hat onto the fence. The cowboy, who had undergone major heart surgery, wore a pacemaker. When the cowboy touched the top of the fence to retrieve his hat, the electric current short- circuited his pacemaker, resulting in the cowboy's death by electrocution. In a wrongful death action by the cowboy's estate against the rancher, the installation of the electrical wiring device would most likely constitute","score":1,"choices":["the legal cause of the cowboy's death, but not the cause-in-fact.","both the cause-in-fact and a reckless act resulting in the cowboy's death.","a negligent act resulting in the cowboy's death, but not the cause-in-fact.","a reckless disregard for the safety of others, resulting in the cowboy's death.","both an unforeseeable event and the legal cause of the cowboy's death.","the cause-in-fact of the cowboy's death, but not the legal cause.","an intentional act causing the cowboy's death, but not the cause-in-fact.","an unforeseeable event leading to the cowboy's death, but not the legal cause.","the legal cause and the cause-in-fact of the cowboy's death.","neither the legal cause nor the cause-in-fact of the cowboy's death."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1891,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In many jurisdictions, anti-littering statutes are considered strict liability offenses, meaning that the prosecution does not need to prove intent or knowledge of the act. The key factor is that the act of littering occurred, regardless of whether John knew about it or intended it. Given this context, the best answer is that this is likely a strict liability law that does not provide for defenses based on mental state.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"In a large city littering is always a problem. The state anti-littering statute forbids throwing trash and other matter from any vehicle onto the public roads. It's a summary offense carrying a $50 fine and no imprisonment. On the third offense, the fine is $500 and there is a 5-day jail sentence. The statute does not mention any requirement of criminal intent. John and his family are coming back from a weekend picnic when his children throw bags of refuse and the remains of their lunch out of the rear window of the moving vehicle. John is stopped and given a $50 ticket. Can he succeed with a defense that he didn't know what his children were doing and that he had no criminal intent to break any laws?","score":1,"choices":["No, because his criminal intent is clearly established by the circumstances of the events.","No, because ignorance of the law is not a valid defense.","No, because as the parent, John is legally responsible for the actions of his minor children.","No, because the law considers the vehicle as a single entity, and therefore everyone inside is responsible.","Yes, because John can argue that the littering was accidental and not intentional.","Yes, because John was not the one who directly committed the offense.","Yes, because he didn't know what his children were doing in the back seat and he had not participated in the violation nor did he know that they did it or were going to do it.","No, because this is likely a strict liability law that does not provide for defenses based on mental state.","Yes, because the police have no way of proving who in the car threw the garbage out the window.","Yes, because the law does not explicitly state that the driver of the vehicle is responsible for the actions of the passengers."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1892,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. A contract can be voidable if one party lacked the capacity to enter into it, such as due to being under the influence of medication that impairs judgment. The woman's apparent incapacity due to her medication and recent surgery makes the contract voidable at her discretion. The neighbor's knowledge of her condition further supports this argument.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"An elderly woman underwent major surgery and spent two weeks in the hospital. The woman continued to take powerful pain medication for several weeks after she returned home. During her recovery, she offered to sell her car for $450 to her neighbor, who owned a house-cleaning service. The neighbor said, \"That's great! I need a car to transport all the people who work for me to their job sites.\" In fact, the woman's car was worth $3,000, and the neighbor knew this. He was also aware that the woman had undergone surgery and noted that she seemed \"out of it\" because of the medication she was taking. Several days later, the woman's son found out about the deal and contacted the neighbor, telling him that the woman would sell him the car, but for $3,450. The next day, when the neighbor tendered $450 and demanded that the woman give him the car, she refused. If the neighbor sues the woman for breach of contract, will he be likely to prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the contract was voidable due to the woman's apparent incapacity.","No, because the woman was under the influence of medication at the time of the agreement.","Yes, because the neighbor's reliance on the otherwise voidable contract made it enforceable.","Yes, because the son has no authority to change the terms of the agreement.","Yes, because the woman's offer and the neighbor's acceptance created an enforceable contract.","Yes, because the woman had the mental capacity to make a decision.","No, because the woman put nothing in writing.","No, because the neighbor took advantage of the woman's condition.","No, because there was no legal documentation of the agreement.","Yes, because the neighbor had already agreed to the initial price."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1893,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Assault in tort law is defined as an intentional act that creates a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful or offensive contact. The key elements are intent, apprehension, and imminence. In this scenario, the security guard pointed a gun at the man, which would likely create a reasonable apprehension of imminent harmful contact. The mistaken identity does not negate the fact that the man experienced apprehension due to the security guard's actions.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"On Thursday morning, two plainclothes police officers were shot to death while trying to arrest a bank robber who had just robbed a bank. Following the killings, the police issued an \"all-points-bulletin\" for the arrest of a 40-year-old Caucasian male (height, 6 feet; weight, 150-155 pounds), who had been seen near the location of the bank robbery. On Friday, a security guard at a local department store was walking down Main Street when he noticed a tall, African American man who fit the bank robbery suspect's description in age, height, and weight. The security guard approached the person (and believing him to be the bank robbery suspect), pulled a gun and arrested him. The security guard held the man in custody until the police arrived a short time later. The police officer informed the security guard that he had arrested the wrong person. The man had told the security guard that he was not the man who had committed the bank robbery and shot the police officers. The man was humiliated by the false arrest. If the man asserts a claim for assault against the security guard, he will","score":1,"choices":["not succeed, because the man did not suffer any injury from the security guard's act.","succeed, if the man can prove the security guard had no reason to suspect him","succeed, if the security guard's mistaken belief was unreasonable.","not succeed, because the security guard was performing his duty","succeed, if the man saw the security guard pointing the gun at him.","succeed, if the security guard used excessive force during the arrest","succeed, if the man experienced emotional trauma as a result of the false arrest","not succeed, because the security guard did not intend to injure the man."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1894,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The boy took the baseball cards with the intent to permanently deprive the store of them without paying, which constitutes larceny. Larceny is defined as the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to deprive the possessor of it permanently. Since the value of the stolen items is relatively low ($10), it could also be classified as petit theft, but larceny is a more specific term in this context.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A cashier worked part-time at a convenience store. As the cashier was sitting behind the cash register, he noticed a boy enter the store. While the boy walked through the store, the cashier watched him on a hidden camera located behind the cashier's counter. Thereupon, the cashier saw the boy pick up two packs of baseball cards and place them in his coat pocket. The boy then walked to the rear of the store, where he picked up a package of cupcakes. The boy took the cupcakes to the front counter and paid the cashier for the cupcakes only. The boy started to walk out of the store when the cashier said, \"Hey, kid, I'm not charging you for the baseball cards because you paid for the cupcakes. But next time I'm not going to let you get away with it. \" The baseball cards sold for $5 per pack. The boy has committed which, if any, crimes?","score":1,"choices":["False pretenses.","No crime.","Robbery.","Theft by deception.","Embezzlement.","Fraud.","Larceny.","Petit theft.","Larceny by trick."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1895,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. According to the Fourth Amendment, police generally need an arrest warrant to enter a person's home to make an arrest unless exigent circumstances are present. In this case, the police had probable cause but did not have an arrest warrant or exigent circumstances justifying their entry. The \"plain view\" doctrine allows seizure of evidence without a warrant if the officer is lawfully present at the location where the evidence is in plain sight. However, because the initial entry was unlawful (no arrest warrant and no exigent circumstances), the gun seized in plain view would be subject to suppression.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Law enforcement authorities had probable cause to suspect a man of murder. Without an arrest warrant, they went to his home to arrest him. They knocked and announced, and hearing no response, forcibly broke open the door and entered the house. They didn't find anyone but seized a handgun that was in plain view. The suspect was later arrested for murder; he filed for suppression of the gun. Will the suppression court throw out the gun?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, the entry was a violation of the knock and announce rule.","No, the entry did not require an arrest warrant because the authorities already had established probable cause.","Yes, the police must obtain an arrest warrant to enter someone's home for an arrest.","No, the police did not need a warrant because the gun was in plain view.","Yes, the police needed both a search warrant for the gun and an arrest warrant for the suspect.","No, because the suspect was not home at the time of entry, no warrant was needed.","Yes, the police violated the suspect's right to privacy by forcibly entering his home.","Yes, the police needed a search warrant in addition to an arrest warrant to seize the gun.","No, the entry was authorized by exigent circumstances and the gun was in plain view.","No, the police were in the right because they announced their presence before entering."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1896,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In a trial, cross-examination is generally limited to the scope of the direct examination. Since the woman's direct testimony was limited to confirming ownership and training of the horse, questions about the horse's behavior would be beyond the scope of direct examination.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An experienced equestrian rider sued a woman, claiming that her horse kicked and injured the rider. At trial, the rider testified that he was attending a horse show when, without provocation, he was kicked by a gray stallion with a black tail. The rider then called the woman as an adverse witness and asked her the following question: \"Isn't it true that you are the owner and trainer of a gray stallion with a black tail?\" After answering affirmatively, the woman was not asked any further questions on direct examination. Whereupon in cross- examination, the woman was then asked, \"Isn't it true that your horse is very gentle and would not kick anyone unless provoked?\"Upon objection by the rider's attorney, the rider's strongest argument would be that the woman's proffered testimony is","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible, because it is hearsay evidence.","inadmissible as an improper form of impeachment.","inadmissible as substantive evidence to show that the horse must have been provoked.","inadmissible, because the woman's testimony contradicts the rider's account.","inadmissible as beyond the scope of the woman's direct testimony.","admissible as it provides evidence of the horse's general behavior.","inadmissible, because the woman's testimony is biased.","admissible as it is relevant to the case.","admissible, because it can refute the rider's claim."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1897,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Establishment Clause of the First Amendment prohibits government actions that unduly favor one religion over another. In this case, even though the invocation is student-initiated and noncompulsory, it occurs in a public school setting where teachers and school officials are present and participating, which can be seen as an endorsement of religion by the school. Courts have generally ruled that any religious activity in public schools, even if voluntary, can violate the Establishment Clause if it appears to endorse religion.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A president of the senior class at a public high school, on his own initiative instituted among the students the practice of invoking divine blessing at the start of the daily luncheon served in the high school cafeteria. Although no teacher or school official either encouraged or discouraged the practice, all but two teachers, when present, joined in the invocation. A student and his parents protested to the school superintendent, but they refused to intervene on the grounds that the matter was entirely up to the students. Moreover, school board officials pointed out that the students who led the recital always sat at a table in the rear of the cafeteria and that no one was required to participate in the blessing. In an action by the student's parents to enjoin the daily luncheon invocation at the high school, the court will most likely","score":1,"choices":["grant relief, since the invocation violates the establishment clause of the First Amendment.","grant relief, since the primary effect of the invocation is to advance religious beliefs.","deny relief, since the invocation is not disruptive to the school environment.","grant relief, since the invocation constitutes a public display of religion in a public school.","deny relief, since the lunch hour is not part of the educational process.","deny relief, since the noncompulsory nature of the invocation would not be violative of the establishment clause.","deny relief, because the school has not officially endorsed the invocation."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1898,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In contract law, the terms of an offer are generally binding if accepted, even if there was a mistake in the offer, unless the offeree knew or should have known about the mistake. Here, the collector made an offer at $75,000, which was accepted by the cousin. The mistake was unilateral (by the collector), and there is no indication that the cousin knew or should have known about the mistake. Therefore, the price term is $75,000 and it is enforceable.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"An avid stamp collector had amassed a large and valuable collection. Many of his stamps were extremely rare and highly coveted. On numerous occasions the collector had rejected offers to sell his prized collection. Finally, on December 1, the collector sent his cousin, who was also a stamp collector, the following letter:\"I've decided to part with my stamp collection. Since I want to keep it in the family, I'll sell you my entire collection for $75,000. \"The collector had dictated this letter to his secretary, who mistakenly typed \"$75,000,\" instead of $78,000 that the collector had specified. After typing the letter, the secretary gave it to the collector, who hastily signed it without noticing the mistaken price. The cousin received this letter on December 3. On December 5, the cousin sent a letter accepting the collector's offer. Which of the following correctly states the agreement's price term and its legal effect?","score":1,"choices":["The price term is $78,000, and it is unenforceable due to the secretary's mistake.","The price term is $75,000, and the cousin must pay an additional $3,000 due to the secretary's error.","The price term is $78,000, and it is enforceable.","The price term is $75,000, but either party can rescind the contract, because there was a mutual mistake as to a basic assumption of fact.","The price term is $75,000, but the court may adjust the price to $78,000 if the cousin knew of the mistake.","The price term is $75,000, but the court will reform the price to $78,000 in order to correct a mistake in integration.","The price term is $75,000, and it is enforceable.","The price term is $75,000, but the collector can demand the correct price of $78,000 due to the secretary's error.","The price term is $78,000, but either party can rescind the contract, because the collector signed the contract without noticing the mistaken price.","The price term is $78,000, but the court will reform the price to $75,000, because of the secretary's mistake."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1899,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects individuals against unreasonable searches and seizures. In the context of public schools, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that random drug testing of student athletes is permissible under certain circumstances (e.g., Vernonia School District 47J v. Acton). However, this typically requires a policy that is uniformly applied and does not require individualized suspicion. Since the teenager did not consent to the drug test and there was no individualized suspicion, his Fourth Amendment rights may have been violated.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A teenager is the star player on his high school basketball team. The high school is a public school, and the school has a policy that all student athletes are required to sign an authorization form by which they consent to undergo random drug testing. All the basketball players on the school team, except the teenager, signed the authorization. In the third game of the season, the team beat their archrival, and the teenager scored a record high 69 points. In the locker room following the game, the basketball coach approached the teenager and requested that he provide a urine sample for a random drug test. The teenager refused. He had smoked some marijuana the previous day and was afraid that a positive test result might jeopardize his being awarded a basketball scholarship to college. Thereafter, the teenager was suspended from the team for failing to comply with the coach's request. The coach later admitted that he did not have any individualized suspicion that the teenager was under the influence of drugs. The teenager has filed a motion challenging the suspension and seeking reinstatement on the basketball team. The court will most likely rule in favor of","score":0,"choices":["the school, because drug testing is not an intrusion on his Fourth Amendment right of privacy.","the school, because the student is a public figure and therefore has less expectation of privacy.","the student, because the coach admitted that he did not have any individualized suspicion that the student was under the influence of drugs.","the school, because the student's drug use is a risk to his health and the safety of others.","the school, because a urine sample does not constitute a search under the Fourth Amendment.","the student, because the school's policy of random drug testing is not enforceable.","the student, because the school's policy of random drug testing is a violation of his civil rights.","the student, because the school did not have a legitimate reason to suspect him of drug use.","the student, because he didn't consent to the drug test."],"correct":"A","answer":"I"}
{"number":1900,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The student intended to commit a crime (flashing) but did not actually commit the crime as defined by the statute (since he was not nude). However, his intent and actions could still constitute an attempt to violate the statute. Additionally, breaking into the sorority house with the intent to commit what he believed was a crime constitutes burglary.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A student was a practical joker who liked to perform zany antics. Late at night after studying, he would often walk around the campus dressed only in a raincoat and boxers. As he approached young women, he would flash them by opening his raincoat and exposing himself in his shorts. The student believed that he was committing a crime by flashing himself in front of the co-eds. In this jurisdiction, it is a felony to flash or expose oneself in the nude, so, unknown to the student, what he was doing was not a crime. One night, the student broke into a sorority house intending to flash the sorority sisters. Clad only in his raincoat and shorts, he entered the bedroom of one of the sisters who was lying in her bed studying for an exam. The sister, who knew the student, said, \"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be studying for finals?\" The student then took off his raincoat and responded, \"Study this, baby!\" He then began to run through the sorority house in his shorts. Shortly thereafter, the police arrived and placed the student under arrest. If the student is prosecuted, he should be found guilty of which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":0,"choices":["Neither burglary nor attempted violation of the statute.","Attempted violation of the statute.","Both indecent exposure and attempted violation of the statute.","Both trespassing and attempted violation of the statute.","Both burglary and indecent exposure.","Trespassing only.","Both burglary and attempted violation of the statute.","Indecent exposure only.","Both burglary and trespassing."],"correct":"A","answer":"G"}
{"number":1901,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Termination of a parent's custody rights and termination of welfare benefits both involve significant interests and thus require due process protections. Due process typically involves prior notice and an opportunity to be heard before any deprivation occurs. This ensures that the affected parties have a chance to present their case and respond to the evidence against them.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"Termination of a parent's custody rights and also termination of welfare benefits both require what type of process?","score":1,"choices":["Prior screening by neutral fact finder","Prior screening, notice and opportunity to respond","Prior notice and prior evidentiary hearing","Prior notice and immediate termination","Immediate termination without notice","Prior screening and subsequent evidentiary hearing","Prior screening by biased fact finder","Prior notice and opportunity to respond","Post-termination hearing"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1902,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. False imprisonment involves the unlawful restraint of a person against their will. However, many jurisdictions recognize a \"shopkeeper's privilege,\" which allows store personnel to detain a suspected shoplifter for a reasonable period of time if they have reasonable grounds to believe that theft has occurred. In this case, the manager had reasonable grounds based on the woman's matching description and behavior. The detention lasted 30 minutes, which could be considered reasonable under the circumstances.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A department store had suffered a succession of thefts of merchandise over a period of months. From reports by employees and customers, the department store's manager concluded that the losses were due, wholly or in large part, to the depredations of a female shoplifter, aged 30 to 40 years, about 5 feet 5 inches in height, with red hair and green eyes, who usually wore a suit. This information was passed on to all of the employees of the department store. One day, a woman entered the store to purchase accessories. The woman was 5 feet 5 inches tall, 37 years old, red-haired and green-eyed, and dressed in a smartly tailored suit. She carried a large shopping bag. The manager noticed her as she picked up, examined, and put down a number of gloves and scarves. After a while, she looked about tentatively, and then started to walk out, swinging her bag. The manager intercepted her and, standing in front of her, politely asked the woman if she would accompany her to the store manager's office. When the woman asked for an explanation, the manager told her of the store's recent experience and the suspicion that the woman might be concealing pilfered merchandise in her bag. Flushing angrily, the woman replied, \"Very well,\" and followed her to the office. Once there, the manager began to question the woman quite intensively. After the questioning, the manager then asked the woman's permission to inspect the contents of her shopping bag. At first, the woman curtly refused and announced that she had had enough of this nonsense. When she rose to go, the manager told her, \"Listen, unless you let me look inside that bag, I'm going to call the police. \" The woman replied, \"Very well,\" and handed her the bag. The manager inspected the contents of the bag thoroughly but did not find any pilfered merchandise. She then gave the woman permission to leave. The total length of the woman's detention was 30 minutes. If the woman asserts a claim for false imprisonment against the department store, she will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not prevail, because no physical force was used to detain her.","prevail, because she was falsely accused of theft.","not prevail, because she agreed to the manager's request to inspect her bag.","prevail, because the manager threatened to call the police.","prevail, because the manager did not have reasonable grounds to suspect that the woman had committed a theft.","not prevail, because she matched the description of the suspected thief.","prevail, because the manager had no direct evidence of theft.","prevail, because she was detained for an unreasonably long period of time.","not prevail, because the manager gave the woman permission to leave after conducting her investigation."],"correct":"H","answer":"F"}
{"number":1903,"response":"Explanation: Let's analyze the situation step by step. James made an offer that explicitly stated it would not be revocable for ten days. This means that Fred has until April 15 to accept the offer without any changes for a contract to be formed.\n\nA. If James dies on April 4, the offer is generally terminated because an offer cannot be accepted after the death of the offeror.\nB. Fred's unqualified acceptance on April 10 will create a contract because it is within the ten-day period.\nC. Fred stating \"I accept your offer, but will pay only $90,000\" is a counteroffer, not an acceptance, and does not create a contract.\nD. Fred's unqualified acceptance on April 11 will create a contract because it is still within the ten-day period.\nE. Fred stating \"I accept your offer, but will pay in 60 days\" is a counteroffer and does not create a contract.\nF. James revoking the offer on April 4 would invalidate the offer if it were not for the explicit statement that it would not be revocable for ten days.\n\nGiven these points, the correct answer is:\nAnswer: D","question":"James makes a written offer to Fred for the sale of land for $100,000. In this offer, James states, \"This offer will not be revocable for a ten-day period of time.\"Â The offer was signed on April 1, mailed to Fred on April 3 and received by Fred on April 5th. Which of the following is true?","score":0,"choices":["Fred's acceptance on April 5 will not create a contract if James dies on April 4.","Fred's unqualified acceptance on April 10 will not create a contract.","Fred stating on April 5, \"I accept your offer, but will pay only $90,000\" creates a contract.","Fred's unqualified acceptance on April 11 will create a contract.","Fred stating on April 6, \"I accept your offer, but will pay in 60 days\" creates a contract.","James revoking the offer on April 4 will not invalidate the contract."],"correct":"A","answer":"D"}
{"number":1904,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on nuisance law for help. The key issue here is whether the businessman's actions constitute a private nuisance. A private nuisance is an interference with a person's enjoyment and use of their land. Even though the breeder came to the nuisance, the fact that the high-frequency sound waves are causing significant disruption to her business can be grounds for a nuisance claim. The breeder's business being abnormally sensitive does not absolve the businessman if his activities are unreasonable and cause substantial interference.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A businessman is the owner of a pet products company, which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of a variety of pet supplies. The businessman's company manufactures such products as pet furniture, toys, beds, collars, leashes, cages, and vitamins. These items are distributed to pet stores throughout the United States and Europe. For many years, the company has conducted its operations from a large factory located in a small town in the southern part of the state. One of the businessman's biggest selling products is specially manufactured high-frequency dog-calling whistles. These whistles are sold to dog-training schools and canine divisions of many police departments. Although these whistles are not audible to people, they are audible to dogs over considerable distances. Two years ago, a breeder purchased an undeveloped lot in the small town in which the company's factory was located. On her property, the breeder constructed a pet hotel, which was used as a boarding kennel for dogs and cats. This boarding facility was situated about 100 yards from the company's factory. Unknown to the breeder, high-frequency sound waves often emanated from the company's factory when dog-calling whistles were being tested. These sound waves caused the breeder's dogs to howl uncontrollably for many hours during the day and seriously interfered with the operation of her business. The breeder now brings an action against the businessman and the company to recover damages for the interference with her business caused by the high-frequency sound that reaches her kennel. The court should rule in favor of","score":0,"choices":["the breeder, because the businessman failed to notify the breeder about the high-frequency sound waves.","the businessman, because the breeder's business is abnormally sensitive to harm caused by the high-frequency sound waves.","the businessman, because the breeder came to the nuisance after his factory had already been in operation for a number of years.","the breeder, because the businessman intentionally did not inform about the high-frequency sound waves.","the breeder, because the businessman is manufacturing a product that is causing harm to her business.","the businessman, because the high-frequency sound waves do not harm people or the environment.","the breeder, because the high-frequency sound waves constitute a trespass to her premises.","the businessman, because the breeder should have soundproofed her kennel.","the businessman, because the breeder should have done a thorough investigation before purchasing the property."],"correct":"B","answer":"E"}
{"number":1905,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the federal government cannot compel state legislatures to enact and enforce a federal regulatory program, as this would violate the principles of federalism and state sovereignty. This principle was established in cases such as New York v. United States (1992) and Printz v. United States (1997).\n\nAnswer: I","question":"There has been a great deal of news media coverage regarding the problem of underage drinking. Many high school and college students have been purchasing fraudulent driver's licenses with phony birthdates showing \"proof' of being 21 years of age or older. As a consequence, many teenagers are able to purchase alcoholic beverages at liquor stores, restaurants, and bars. The situation is becoming especially alarming on many college campuses. A magazine article reported that the majority of freshmen between the ages of 18 and 19 at many colleges had illegally purchased evidence of phony \"proof. \"With underage drinking reaching epidemic proportions, Congress enacted a statute establishing a federal commission to monitor and curtail alcoholic beverage sales to underage drinkers. To implement the program on a national scale, the bill required each state to pass legislation establishing a local \"watchdog\" agency to facilitate compliance with congressional intent. A state has filed suit challenging the constitutionality of the federal statute. The law is likely to be held","score":1,"choices":["valid, because the Twenty First Amendment grants the federal government the power to control the sale and consumption of alcohol.","valid, because the federal government has the power to regulate all activities that substantially affect interstate commerce.","valid, because the establishment of a state watchdog agency under the auspices of a federal regulatory scheme is consistent with the provisions of the Twenty First Amendment.","valid, because the sale of alcoholic beverages has a substantial impact on interstate commerce.","invalid, because it violates the Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states.","invalid, because it violates the fundamental principles of state sovereignty embodied by the Eleventh Amendment.","invalid, because the federal government cannot force states to implement federal regulations.","invalid, because it infringes on the state's right to regulate activities within their own borders.","invalid, because the federal government may not compel state legislatures to enact and enforce a federal regulatory program.","valid, because the federal government has the authority to regulate issues of national concern."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1906,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. An easement of necessity is typically granted when a property is landlocked and has no access to a public road. However, once the necessity ceases to exist, such as when another access route becomes available, the easement can be terminated. This is because the primary justification for the easement no longer exists.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Landowner's property was landlocked. He had to go to court to ask the court to compel the adjacent landowner to give him an easement of necessity for ingress and egress to the highway. The court granted the easement of necessity to Landowner. Over a decade later, another access route to the highway opened up through public improvements. The adjacent landowner sued to stop Landowner from continuing to use his land for ingress and egress. What will the court most likely rule in this case?","score":1,"choices":["The easement is terminated because it cannot exceed five years in length, without being formally renewed by both parties.","The easement is terminated because the landowner did not pay for its use.","The easement continues because it was granted by the court.","The holder of the easement has a right to insist on its uninterrupted continuance.","The easement should be modified, not terminated, because the new route may not always be available.","The equities favor the termination of the easement where another route is available.","The court will most likely rule in favor of the landowner as he has used the easement for over a decade.","The easement will continue until the holder of the easement chooses to release it.","The easement continues because its purpose of access to the property still exists."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1907,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Conversion is a tort that involves the wrongful possession or disposition of someone else's property as if it were one's own. The key elements include an act of dominion wrongfully exerted over another's personal property in denial of or inconsistent with their rights. \n\nIn this case, the quarterback had permission to use the car until 2:00 a.m. but failed to return it by that time. His failure to return the car on time and leaving it outside his home, where it was stolen, can be seen as a breach of his obligation to protect and return the car as agreed. This breach could be considered an act of conversion because he did not adhere to the conditions set by the neighbor.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"The local high school football team won the state championship. After the game the high school held a victory rally at the high school gym. As the team was being honored, the star quarterback of the football team approached one of the cheerleaders and asked her out for a date. The cheerleader, who had a crush on the quarterback, said she'd love to go out with him. The quarterback told her, \"Great, I'll pick you up at eight. \"Later that evening, the quarterback was getting ready to drive to the cheerleader's home when his car wouldn't start. The quarterback then called his next-door neighbor and asked him if he could borrow his car. The neighbor agreed, but told him, \"Okay, but make sure you return it by 2:00 a. m. \" The quarterback assented and then drove to the cheerleader's house. After picking her up, they drove to an all-night coffee shop where they spent the night talking and catching up over coffee and waffles. Losing track of time, the quarterback and the cheerleader did not leave the coffee shop until 3:00 a. m. After returning home around 4:00 a. m. , the quarterback decided that it was too late to return the car, so he parked it in his driveway. He intended to return the car to the neighbor in the morning. A short while later, a thief stole the neighbor's car from outside the quarterback's home. The police found the car three months later, undamaged. The neighbor, however, refused to accept the car and brought a claim against the quarterback for conversion. In his claim, the neighbor will","score":0,"choices":["not succeed, because the quarterback was not responsible for the theft.","not succeed, because the quarterback had no control over the actions of the thief.","succeed, because the quarterback had an obligation to protect the car.","succeed, because the quarterback left the car in his driveway, and it was stolen.","not succeed, because the car was returned undamaged.","not succeed, because the criminal act of the thief was unforeseeable.","succeed, because the quarterback could have returned the car and failed to do so.","succeed, because the quarterback failed to follow the neighbor's condition to return it by 2:00 a.m.","not succeed, because the quarterback intended to return the identical property he borrowed in an undamaged condition."],"correct":"D","answer":"H"}
{"number":1908,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In tort law, the plaintiff typically bears the burden of proving that a specific defendant's conduct caused the harm. The doctrine of alternative liability, however, can shift the burden of proof to the defendants when it is clear that one of them caused the harm but it is impossible for the plaintiff to identify which one. This doctrine applies when all defendants are shown to have acted negligently and it is certain that one of them caused the injury.\n\nIn this case, since the pedestrian has not provided evidence as to which specific defendant was negligent, and assuming no evidence has been provided that all defendants jointly engaged in tortious conduct or were all negligent, the court would likely grant a directed verdict in favor of the defendants.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A pedestrian was injured when hit by a chair that was thrown from an upper-story hotel window. The pedestrian sued the occupants of all the rooms from which the chair might have been thrown. At trial, the pedestrian has been unable to offer any evidence as to the exact room from which the chair was thrown. The defendants have filed a motion for a directed verdict. Should the court grant the motion?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the pedestrian has failed to offer evidence that the defendants jointly engaged in tortious conduct.","Yes, because the pedestrian has not provided evidence of negligence from a specific defendant.","Yes, because the defendants have not been proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.","No, because it is unreasonable to expect the pedestrian to prove which of the defendants caused the harm.","Yes, because the evidence provided is circumstantial and not directly linked to any defendant.","No, because of the doctrine of alternative liability.","No, because the pedestrian was not at fault for the incident.","No, because the defendants should prove their innocence.","No, because the pedestrian has suffered physical harm and someone must be held accountable.","Yes, because a plaintiff always has the burden to prove that a particular defendant's conduct was the factual cause of the plaintiff's physical harm."],"correct":"A","answer":"B"}
{"number":1909,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures. However, there are exceptions to the warrant requirement, such as the automobile exception, which allows police to search a vehicle without a warrant if they have probable cause to believe it contains evidence of a crime.\n\nIn this case, the police had a detailed description from a reliable informant and observed a vehicle matching that description near the reported location. This likely constitutes probable cause to search the vehicle. The initial search of the locked tool case and subsequent discovery of cocaine would be justified under this exception. Once the driver was arrested based on the cocaine found, the search of the glove compartment would also be permissible as a search incident to arrest.\n\nTherefore, the motion to exclude both the cocaine and marijuana from evidence will most likely be denied.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A reliable police informant telephoned the police to report seeing two men in a blue car selling narcotics outside a local movie theater. The informant gave a detailed description of the two men and the license number of the vehicle. A patrol car was immediately dispatched to the movie theater. A few minutes later, the police saw a car matching the description given parked about two blocks from the movie theater. When the police approached, they saw one man fitting the description provided. The police proceeded to the car and opened the doors of the vehicle. The police then pried open a locked tool case that was situated in the rear of the vehicle. Inside, the police found an envelope that contained about one gram of cocaine. They then placed the driver of the vehicle under arrest. Immediately thereafter, the police opened the glove compartment and found a small amount of marijuana. The driver of the van was subsequently prosecuted and charged with two counts of possession of controlled dangerous substances. He filed a motion to exclude the cocaine and marijuana from evidence. His motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["granted, as to the cocaine only.","denied, but only as to the marijuana.","granted, as to both the cocaine and the marijuana.","granted, because the police didn't have probable cause to search the vehicle.","denied, as to the cocaine and the marijuana.","denied, because the police had probable cause to search the vehicle.","denied, but only as to the cocaine.","granted, because the police didn't have a warrant to search the vehicle.","granted, as to the marijuana only."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1910,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In property law, covenants that \"run with the land\" bind not just the original parties but also subsequent owners or tenants. The covenant to pay taxes is typically considered a covenant that runs with the land because it directly affects the value and use of the property. The student, as the assignee, took on the obligations of the lease, including paying rent and taxes, even if he was unaware of the original terms. The landlord's failure to object to the assignment does not absolve the student of these obligations.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A landlord, an owner in fee simple, leased a three- story house to a tenant for a term of 10 years. By the terms of the lease, the tenant expressly covenanted to pay a monthly rental of $300 and to pay the taxes on the premises during the term of the lease. The lease also stipulated that the tenant, as lessee, may not assign or sublease the said premises. The tenant and his family lived in the house for two years. Then the tenant, still owing the landlord three months back rent, assigned his leasehold interest in the property to a student, who was unaware of the prohibition against assignments. This written assignment expressly provided that the student would pay the landlord the monthly rental of $300, but was silent concerning the payment of taxes. The landlord never objected to this assignment. Six months after the assignment, the landlord conveyed his property interest in the premises to a new owner. The student failed to pay the taxes on the property. The new owner, after paying the taxes, brought suit against the student for the amount paid. Judgment should be for","score":1,"choices":["the student, because the new owner should have notified him about the taxes.","the new owner.","the landlord, because he never objected to the assignment.","the student, because he was not aware of the original lease agreement.","the new owner, because the student was not part of the original lease agreement.","the student, because the covenant to pay taxes will not \"run with the land,\" unless the intent is clearly expressed in the original lease.","the tenant, because he was the one who originally agreed to pay the taxes.","the student, because he did not contract with the tenant to pay the taxes on the property.","the student, because the covenant to pay taxes is merely collateral and does not \"run with the land. \""],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1911,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects individuals from being tried twice for the same offense after acquittal or conviction. However, in this case, the defendant was not acquitted or convicted; the charges were dismissed at a preliminary hearing due to insufficient probable cause. Double jeopardy protections do not attach until a person has been put in jeopardy, which typically means after a trial has begun (jury sworn in or first witness sworn in for a bench trial). Therefore, the defendant's double jeopardy challenge should be denied because there has been no trial, acquittal, or conviction.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant was arrested and charged with possession of heroin. At the defendant's preliminary hearing, the prosecution presented evidence that the defendant was arrested while riding in a car. The heroin was found in a briefcase containing no identification, but several papers found inside contained references to the defendant. The defendant's attorney argued that the briefcase did not belong to the defendant, and the defendant had no idea how the heroin got inside the briefcase. The court ruled that there was insufficient probable cause to support a prosecution of the defendant on the heroin possession charge. The defendant was released from custody and charges were dropped. Several weeks later, a grand jury was convened to determine if the defendant should be re-indicted for heroin possession based on the same alleged incident reviewed at the preliminary hearing. The defendant was called to testif' as a witness at the grand jury hearing. He appeared and was sworn in as a witness. The defendant proceeded to challenge the proceeding on the basis that any grand jury indictment for heroin possession would constitute a violation of the double jeopardy clause. The defendant's double jeopardy challenge should be","score":1,"choices":["denied, because there is no basis for a double jeopardy challenge.","granted, because the heroin possession charge was formally dismissed at the preliminary hearing.","denied, because double jeopardy rights do not attach unless there has been an acquittal or conviction.","granted, because the defendant has the right to avoid self-incrimination.","denied, because the grand jury proceeding is not considered a trial.","granted, because by voluntarily appearing at the grand jury hearing, the defendant has standing to challenge the indictment.","granted, because the defendant has already been tried for the same charge.","denied, because double jeopardy only applies if the initial charge resulted in a conviction or acquittal.","granted, because the defendant was previously held in custody for the same charge."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1912,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Generally, an offer can be accepted by performance, and a contract can be formed when the offeree begins performance. In this case, the expert began restoring the toy on June 4, which constitutes acceptance of the offer. The death of the offeror (the collector) does not automatically terminate an offer that has already been accepted by performance. Therefore, a contract exists that binds the expert and the collector's estate.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A toy collector had purchased 10 antique toys over the last several years and had had them restored by an expert in toy restoration. On June 1, the collector sent the 11th antique toy to the expert with a signed note that read: \"Here is another toy for you to restore. As with all prior jobs, I will pay $500 for the work, but no more.\" On June 4, after receipt of the collector's June 1 note and the toy, the expert began restoring the toy. On June 6, the collector unexpectedly died. On June 7, unaware of the collector's death, the expert sent the collector a note that stated that the restoration work had begun on June 4. The following day, the expert learned of the collector's death. Does a contract exist that binds the expert and the collector's estate?","score":0,"choices":["Yes, because the expert sent the June 7 note before learning of the collector's death.","Yes, because the previous successful contracts set a precedent for this one.","No, because the collector died before the expert sent the June 7 note.","No, because the contract was not formally written and signed.","No, because the expert was not aware of the collector's death before starting the restoration.","No, because the offer lapsed when the collector died.","Yes, because the expert had already accepted the work and payment terms.","Yes, because the offer was accepted before the collector's death.","No, because the collector's estate did not confirm the contract."],"correct":"H","answer":"G"}
{"number":1913,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Conspiracy is an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime at some time in the future. Attempted burglary involves taking substantial steps towards committing the burglary, even if the crime is not completed.\n\n1. The two men agreed to burglarize the home and took steps towards committing the crime (planning, seeking help from the alarm specialist, and going to the home), which constitutes conspiracy.\n2. They also took substantial steps towards committing the burglary by planning it and going to the home, which constitutes attempted burglary.\n3. The alarm specialist did not agree to participate in the crime but provided information on how to disarm the system. This does not make him part of the conspiracy or attempted burglary as he did not take any substantial steps towards committing the crime himself.\n\nTherefore, the most accurate statement regarding their criminal liability is that the two men are guilty of both conspiracy and attempted burglary, but the alarm specialist is not guilty of any crime.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Two men agreed to burglarize a home. While they were planning the burglary, the two men learned that the home had a sophisticated alarm system that needed to be disarmed. One of the men told the other that he knew an alarm specialist who could help disarm the security system. One of the men then approached the alarm specialist and asked if he would assist them in disarming the home's alarm system. The alarm specialist said that he didn't want to participate in the crime but told the man how he could disarm the system himself. The two men thereafter went to the home to commit the burglary. When they arrived at the home, they saw a vicious guard dog patrolling the fenced-in area of the home. Deciding it would be too risky to confront the dog, the two men abandoned their planned burglary. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the criminal liability of the two men and the alarm specialist?","score":0,"choices":["The two men are not guilty of any crime, and the alarm specialist is guilty of conspiracy and attempted burglary.","The two men are guilty of attempted burglary, but not conspiracy. The alarm specialist is not guilty of any crime.","The two men and the alarm specialist are guilty of both conspiracy and attempted burglary.","The two men are guilty of conspiracy and the two men and the alarm specialist are guilty of attempted burglary.","The two men and the alarm specialist are guilty of conspiracy.","The two men and the alarm specialist are guilty of attempted burglary, but not conspiracy.","The two men are not guilty of any crime because they didn't commit the burglary. The alarm specialist is guilty of conspiracy.","The two men are guilty of conspiracy and attempted burglary, but the alarm specialist is not guilty of any crime.","The alarm specialist is guilty of conspiracy, but the two men are not guilty of any crime because they didn't commit the burglary.","The two men are guilty of conspiracy."],"correct":"E","answer":"H"}
{"number":1914,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. In this scenario, the man was unaware that the punch contained PCP, which means his intoxication was not voluntary. Involuntary intoxication can be a valid defense if it can be shown that the defendant was unable to understand the nature of his actions or distinguish right from wrong due to the involuntary intoxication.\nAnswer: C","question":"A man drinks a great deal of punch at a party. He was unaware that it contained PCP. Later in the evening, in an uncontrollable psychotic rage brought on by the drugs he kills someone at the party. The prosecution asks for second degree murder. What defense would have the best chance to succeed under the circumstances?","score":1,"choices":["Self-Defense","Duress","Involuntary intoxication","Necessity","Irresistible Impulse","Heat of Passion","Affluenza","Voluntary intoxication","Ignorance or Mistake","Insanity"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1915,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether the gardener's bankruptcy provides legally justifiable grounds for the owner to discharge him. Bankruptcy alone does not necessarily void a contract unless it affects the gardener's ability to perform the work. However, if half of the sprinkler heads installed by the gardener were defective and he refused to replace them, this would constitute a material breach of contract, providing the owner with legally justifiable grounds for discharging him.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"On April 10, the owner of a golf course entered into an oral agreement with a gardener whereby the gardener promised to install all new sprinkler heads on the sprinkler system at the 18-hole golf course. In return, the owner promised to pay the gardener $2,400 upon completion of the job. Since a golf tournament was scheduled for the weekend of April 20 Â€Â”21, the gardener agreed to replace all the sprinkler heads no later than April 19. Before accepting the job, the gardener had inspected the golf course and determined that 240 sprinkler heads had to be replaced. By April 14, the gardener had installed 80 new sprinkler heads on the first six holes of the 18-hole golf course. That afternoon, however, the owner learned that the gardener had been adjudicated bankrupt on April 12, so he notified the gardener to discontinue the job. The next day, the owner hired a landscaper to complete the installation work at $8 per head. The landscaper installed the remaining 160 sprinkler heads and completed the work on April 19. Despite making reasonable efforts, the gardener was unable to find any gainful employment during the period. Also, the gardener's application for unemployment compensation was rejected at the same time. Which of the following statements, if found to be true, would provide the owner with legally justifiable grounds for discharging the gardener?","score":1,"choices":["The gardener could not provide a warranty for the installation.","The gardener was not insured to carry out the task.","Half of the sprinkler heads installed by the gardener were determined to be defective, and the gardener refused to replace the sprinkler heads.","The owner found a cheaper alternative to complete the job.","The gardener was using subpar materials for the installation.","The gardener had been adjudicated bankrupt onApril 12.","The gardener had only completed 33 percent of the installation work when he was discharged.","The contract between the owner and the gardener was not in writing.","The gardener did not have a valid license to do the job.","The gardener failed to finish the job by April 19."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1916,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Under the Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 615 allows for the exclusion of witnesses so that they cannot hear the testimony of other witnesses. However, an exception is made for a party's designated representative, which in this case is the investigating FBI agent. The government has the right to have its designated representative remain in the courtroom throughout the trial.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A defendant was prosecuted for mail fraud. At trial, the defendant moved to have all witnesses excluded from the courtroom, and the court granted the motion. The government named the investigating FBI agent as its designated representative. Upon learning that the agent would be giving testimony during the trial, the defendant moved that the agent also be excluded from the courtroom. Should the defendantÃ•s motion be granted?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the agentÃ•s testimony might be influenced by the testimony of other witnesses.","No, provided that the government can show that the agentÃ•s presence is essential to the presentation of its case.","Yes, because the defendant has a right to exclude all persons who may be called as government witnesses.","Yes, as the agent's potential bias could affect the fairness of the trial.","No, as the agent's role in the investigation makes his presence necessary for legal proceedings.","No, because the government has a right to have its designated representative remain in the courtroom through-out the trial.","Yes, to prevent the possibility of the agent influencing other witnesses.","Yes, as all witnesses, regardless of their role, should be excluded to ensure impartiality.","No, as the agent's presence does not necessarily influence the outcome of the trial."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1917,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. \n\n1. **Larceny**: This is the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. The defendant took money from his friend's wallet, which fits this definition.\n2. **Burglary**: This involves entering a building unlawfully with intent to commit a crime, especially theft. The defendant did not enter the house unlawfully; he was invited to the party, so burglary does not apply.\n3. **Robbery**: This involves taking property from someone by force or threat of force. The defendant did not use force or threat when taking the money; he only made a joke after the fact.\n4. **Extortion**: This involves obtaining something through threats or coercion. The defendant's statement \"Your money or your life!\" was made in jest and not taken seriously by the friend, so it does not constitute extortion.\n\nGiven these definitions, the most appropriate charges are:\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A defendant went to a party at his friend's house. While he was there, the defendant drank a lot of beers and countless shots. The defendant eventually stumbled into the bathroom where he spotted a purse lying on the floor under the sink. Wondering vaguely if it might contain more beer, he opened it up and found his friend's wallet. He grabbed some money from the wallet and left the bathroom. As he was descending the stairs with the money in his hand, his friend spotted him. She was initially concerned he might tumble down the stairs but upon seeing the money in his hand, she asked him where he got it. The defendant responded, \"Ha! Your money or your life!\" Not taking him seriously, the friend let him pass by. It wasn't until later that she realized that the defendant had taken the money from her wallet. The defendant should be charged with which of the following crimes?","score":1,"choices":["Larceny.","Larceny, burglary, and attempted extortion.","Robbery, extortion, and assault.","Robbery.","Robbery and extortion.","Larceny and attempted extortion.","Extortion.","Assault.","Burglary.","Larceny and burglary."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1918,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The key issue here is whether the bank fulfilled its obligation to \"use maximum efforts\" in selling the company's assets at the highest possible price. The shareholder's claim hinges on whether the bank breached this duty. However, the shareholder was an incidental beneficiary of the agreement between the company and the bank, not a direct party to it. Therefore, she may not have standing to claim damages for breach of that agreement.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A bank loaned a company $1,500,000 for the manufacture of a widget control system. As a condition of the loan, a majority shareholder in the company agreed in writing to personally guarantee the loan. Thereafter, the company defaulted on the loan and entered into a repayment agreement with the bank. This agreement provided that the bank would \"use maximum efforts in selling the company's assets at the highest possible price. \" The bank proceeded to sell the company's assets, discharging the indebtedness of the widget company. Later, it was ascertained that the bank did not realize the \"highest possible price\" in administering the sale of the company's assets. Consequently, the shareholder was forced into bankruptcy and lost her entire investment in the company. The shareholder brings an appropriate action against the bank to recover her investment in the company. She will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the bank's inability to get the highest possible price directly resulted in the shareholder's bankruptcy.","prevail, because the bank did not act in the best interest of the shareholder.","not prevail, because the shareholder agreed to personally guarantee the loan.","prevail, because the bank breached its fiduciary duty to the shareholder under the terms of the contract between the bank and the company.","not prevail, because the bank's sale of the company's assets discharged whatever contractual relationship existed between the shareholder and the bank.","prevail, because the bank did not use maximum efforts in selling the company's assets.","prevail, because the bank did not realize the highest possible price from the sale of the cornpany's assets.","not prevail, because the shareholder was an incidental beneficiary of the bank's sale of the company's assets.","not prevail, because the bank has the right to sell the company's assets as it sees fit.","not prevail, because the bank was only required to use maximum efforts, not necessarily achieve the highest possible price."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1919,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Due process violations generally involve the denial of fundamental fairness, justice, and liberty. Most of the options listed would indeed constitute a due process violation because they impede the defendant's ability to have a fair trial. However, compelling a defendant to stand trial in street clothing (Option I) does not inherently violate due process rights, as it does not directly affect the fairness or impartiality of the trial.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Defendant is on trial. Which of the following, if occurs, would NOT cause a due process violation in the trial?","score":1,"choices":["The defendant is not provided with a competent interpreter when needed.","The defendant is not given the opportunity to testify on their own behalf.","Jurors are exposed to influence favorable to the prosecution.","The trial is held in a location that is prejudiced against the defendant.","The defendant is compelled to stand trial or appear at penalty phase proceedings visibly shackled (unless there are security concerns).","The defendant is denied the opportunity to present evidence.","The defendant's past convictions are disclosed to the jury before they reach a verdict.","The defendant is not allowed to cross-examine witnesses.","The defendant is compelled to stand trial in street clothing.","The trial is conducted in a way that jurors would not be able to give evidence reasonable consideration."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1920,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The supplier and the customer entered into a contract when the supplier acknowledged the order and promised to ship the cartridges. However, the customer canceled the order before the supplier shipped the cartridges. The supplier then sold all of its green ink cartridges to other customers at its asking price, meaning it did not suffer any loss in profit from the sale. Therefore, the supplier is not entitled to consequential damages or loss in profit. The supplier may only be entitled to recover incidental damages, if any, incurred in preparing the green ink cartridges for shipment before receiving the customer's cancellation.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A supplier of ink for printers sent the following letter to all of its customers:\"Closeout special! We have decided to no longer stock green ink cartridges. We have on hand a limited supply of green ink cartridges for all printers; when they're gone, they're gone! Please submit your orders as soon as possible to make sure your order can be filled. \"One of the regular customers of the supplier sent the following reply by fax:\"Sorry to hear that you will no longer carry green ink cartridges, since that is one of our favorite colors. Please ship 100 green ink cartridges to our office as soon as possible. \"The supplier faxed an acknowledgement of the order to the customer with a promise that the cartridges would be shipped out in one week. The next day, the supplier received the following e-mail from the customer:\"Please cancel our order. We just discovered that we already have plenty of green ink cartridges in inventory. \" The supplier proceeded to sell its entire stock of green ink cartridges at its asking price to other customers. In an action for breach of contract by the supplier against the customer, what is the maximum amount of damages that the supplier should be entitled to recover?","score":1,"choices":["Consequential damages, since the green ink cartridges were unique because they were the last of their kind to be offered for sale by the supplier.","The cost of the ink cartridges plus any loss in profit from the potential sale to other customers.","$10,000, which is double the asking price of the cartridges, as a penalty for the customer's late cancellation.","Only incidental damages, if any, that the supplier has incurred in preparing the green ink cartridges for shipment to the customer before receiving the customer's e-mail.","The cost of the ink cartridges plus the cost of shipping, as the supplier had already promised to ship them out.","$5,000, which was the asking price for the 100 green ink cartridges ordered.","The cost of the ink cartridges plus any loss in profit from the sale to other customers, since the supplier had to sell the cartridges at a lower price.","The full cost of the cartridges plus any additional costs incurred in the sale to other customers.","Nothing.","Any additional costs incurred by the supplier in obtaining replacement cartridges to fulfill the customer's order."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1921,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Municipalities have the authority to impose taxes on businesses operating within their jurisdictions as long as the taxes are reasonable and nondiscriminatory. The $200 per year excise tax on commercial photographic studios is a general business tax applied uniformly to all such businesses within the city, making it a reasonable exercise of the city's taxing power.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A city imposes a municipal excise tax of $200 per year on commercial photographic studios in the city. It also imposes an excise tax of $100 per year on every itinerant commercial photographer for the privilege of using the streets and sidewalks. A credit is allowed against this latter tax for any excise tax paid to the city by the photographer or his employer in respect to the maintenance of a photographic studio in the city. In an action by a studio located in the city challenging the constitutionality of the $200 per year excise tax, the court will most likely declare the tax","score":0,"choices":["unconstitutional, as an undue burden on interstate commerce.","unconstitutional, as a discriminatory tax on the privilege of doing business within the state.","constitutional, as it is within the city's rights to tax local businesses.","unconstitutional, as it infringes on the rights of local businesses.","constitutional, as it is a fair method of raising municipal revenue.","unconstitutional, as it is a form of double taxation.","constitutional, as within the powers of the state to tax the instruments of interstate commerce.","constitutional, as it is a reasonable exercise of the city's taxing power.","unconstitutional, as it unfairly targets a specific profession.","constitutional, as a nondiscriminatory license tax."],"correct":"J","answer":"H"}
{"number":1922,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution prohibits state and local governments from enacting laws that unduly restrict interstate commerce. In this case, the ordinance mandates that all solid waste within the city limits be processed locally before being sent out of state, which could be seen as giving an unfair advantage to local processors over out-of-state processors. This can be interpreted as economic protectionism, which is discriminatory against the free flow of interstate commerce.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A city \"flow control\" ordinance mandated that all solid waste that was within the limits of the town was to be transported to a local facility in the city for processing before it could be sent to other states for further disposal. A solid waste processor sued the city in federal court claiming that the ordinance discriminated based on local economic protectionism. The city responded that the ordinance did not discriminate because it does not differentiate solid waste due to geographic origin. All solid waste, regardless of origin, must be processed and made environmentally safe at the transfer station before it leaves town. Will the federal court rule that the flow control ordinance is a discriminatory law against the free flow of interstate commerce?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the ordinance is necessary for the protection of public health and safety.","Yes, because it allows only the favored operator to process waste that is within the limits of the town, to the exclusion of outside processors who might be interested in getting some of the business.","No, because the city simply wanted to assure that the solid waste leaving the area was not environmentally harmful.","No, because the city did not discriminate against anyone's waste, if it was in the city limits the state from where the material originated did not come into consideration.","Yes, because the ordinance gives an unfair advantage to local processors over out-of-state processors.","No, because the ordinance is based on environmental concerns, not economic protectionism.","Yes, because it requires processors to come into the state to be allowed to do processing instead of being able receive the waste at their out-of-state location.","No, because the ordinance applies equally to all waste, regardless of its origin.","Yes, because it creates a barrier to entry for out-of-state waste processors."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1923,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The railroad was granted a determinable fee, meaning its interest in the land was contingent upon the land being used for railroad purposes. When the railroad discontinued its operations, the determinable fee terminated, and the land reverted to the original owner or their heirs. Therefore, the railroad no longer has any interest in the land and is not entitled to compensation from the state's power authority.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"On May 10, 1955, a rancher, owner of a 300-acre cattle ranch in Texas, conveyed a 20-acre strip across the property as follows:\"To the railroad, its successors and assigns, to have and to hold so long as the same shall be used for railroad purposes. \"In 1972, the rancher made the followingconveyance:\"To my daughter and her husband and their heirs, as much of the 300-acre cattle ranch as is not described in my deed to the railroad dated May, 10, 1955. \"The following year, the rancher, a widower, died intestate, survived by the daughter and a son. In 2000, the railroad decided to discontinue operating its trains over the strip conveyed in 1955. By 2004, the growth of a nearby town had made the 300-acre cattle ranch valuable as a potential site for homes or for an industrial park. However, as of January 1, 2005, the governing body of the county (in which the ranch sits) took appropriate action, in accordance with Texas statutes, to zone the 300-acre cattle ranch as single-family residential property with a minimum lot size of one acre. The ordinance provided that the exclusion of ranching operations and industrial development was necessary to protect the health of county residents by limiting the extent of waste disposal and preventing pollution of air and the nearby river, the county's major water supply. The state's power authority has now taken appropriate action to condemn half of the 300-acre cattle ranch, which will be flooded as a result of construction of a dam for a proposed hydroelectric facility. The 150 acres taken includes the 20-acre strip described in the deed to the railroad. Is the railroad entitled to any compensation from the state's power authority?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the railroad's rights to the land remain in effect as long as the land is used for public utility.","Yes, because the railroad was not given a fair chance to contest the condemnation of the land.","No, because by discontinuing its operation of trains, the railroad's determinable, feeterminated.","No, because the condemnation of the land by the state's power authority overrides any previous agreements.","Yes, because the holder of an easement benefit is entitled to compensation for the value lost.","No, because the holder of an easement is not entitled to compensation when the servient tenement is extinguished by condemnation.","No, because the railroad has ceased its operations and therefore forfeited any claims to the land.","Yes, because the railroad still holds the right to the land unless it is formally relinquished.","Yes, because if all the leased land is condemned for the full balance of the lease term, the lessee is entitled to compensation for the taking of the leasehold estate.","No, because the land was zoned for residential use, making the railroad's operations irrelevant."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1924,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on adverse possession for help. Adverse possession requires that the possession be continuous, open and notorious, exclusive, actual, and hostile for the statutory period. In this case, the man took possession in 1978 and remained on the land until 1988, then left for one year and returned in 1990, staying until 2010. The one-year absence does not necessarily interrupt the continuity of possession if it was temporary and with the intention to return. Therefore, the man's occupation can be considered continuous for more than 20 years.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A rancher was the owner of a parcel of land in fee simple. The rancher left the parcel in 1977 to move to the city. A man took possession of the land in 1978 as an adverse possessor and remained on the land from 1978 to 1988; he then left the property to care for his sick mother for one year, returning the following year, 1990. Meanwhile, during the man's possession, the rancher devised the parcel to his son in 1994. The man remained on the property until2010. Assume that the statutory period for adverse possession in this state is 20 years. Upon the rancher's death in 2010, his son, as his sole heir, brings an ejectment suit to recover possession of the property from the man. In his action, the son will most probably","score":1,"choices":["lose, because the man's occupation of the property was continuous and hostile.","lose, because the man has been living on the property for more than 20 years.","lose, because the man's occupation of the land was uninterrupted.","win, because the man did not have a legitimate claim to the property.","win, because the man left the property to take care of his mother for one year.","win, because the man did not have the rancher's permission to live on the property.","win, because the statutory period for adverse possession does not run against a remainder- man until his interest becomes possessory.","lose, because the man has acquired title by adverse possession.","win, because his title was perfected at the time of conveyance.","win, because the man had abandoned the property for a year."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1925,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Specific performance is an equitable remedy requiring the breaching party to perform their contractual obligations. However, specific performance is generally not granted if performance is impossible due to unforeseen circumstances beyond the control of the parties, such as an \"act of God.\" In this case, the fire destroyed the carpenter's workshop and inventory, making it impossible for him to fulfill his obligations under the contract.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A woman owned four beach houses. Each house had star-shaped windows. As the hurricane season was approaching, she hired a carpenter to build storm windows for the star-shaped and deliver them to the four houses. Because of the unique shape of the windows, the carpenter had to do all work by hand. The carpenter and woman signed a contract under which the carpenter promised to build and deliver the storm windows to all four beach houses within 30 days, and the woman promised to pay $8,000 ($2,000 per beach house) within one week of completion of the job. Two weeks after the contract was signed, a fire destroyed the carpenter's workshop, where he was storing all the completed storm windows before delivery. The carpenter then sent a letter to the woman that read:\"The fire destroyed my equipment and inventory Â€Â” including the storm windows, which had been completed and which were awaiting delivery. I am dead broke and cannot complete my obligations under the contract. \" The woman then telephoned the carpenter and told him, \"Unless you fulfill your contractual obligations, I will sue you!\"In an action for specific performance to compel the carpenter to build and deliver the storm windows, the woman will most likely","score":0,"choices":["not succeed, because the carpenter's workshop was destroyed before he could deliver the storm windows.","succeed, because the beach houses would suffer severe damage in the event a hurricane struck without the storm windows having been installed.","succeed, because the carpenter should have insured his inventory and equipment.","succeed, because the contract requires the carpenter to deliver the storm windows within a specified time frame.","not succeed, because the carpenter's performance would be excused by the unforeseeable act of God.","not succeed, because the woman did not pay the carpenter in advance.","succeed, because the carpenter's loss of the inventory would not excuse his duty of performance.","succeed, because the carpenter had completed the storm windows but failed to deliver them.","not succeed, because the carpenter's loss of inventory would render his performance impossible."],"correct":"G","answer":"I"}
{"number":1926,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. The parol evidence rule generally prohibits the introduction of oral or extrinsic evidence to contradict or vary the terms of a written contract that appears to be a complete and final agreement between the parties. However, there are exceptions to this rule, including when there is a lack or want of consideration. In this case, the woman seeks to testify that she did not receive the $10,000 as recited in their written instrument, which relates to the issue of consideration.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A woman owned a 10-acre tract of rural farmland in fee simple absolute. The woman agreed to sell the farmland to a man, and each signed a writing stating that the farmland was beitig sold: \". . . for $10,000, receipt of which is acknowledged. \" In actuality, the man had not yet paid the woman the $10,000. At the date set for closing, the woman transferred a deed to the farmland to the man, who gave the woman a check for $10,000. Howevei, a few days after the woman deposited the check, she received notice from her bank that the check had not cleared, due to insufficient funds in the account. The woman then brought suit against the man. At trial, the woman seeks to testify that the man did not in fact pay her the $10,000 as recited in their written instrument. The man objects to the woman's proposed testimony. Will the trial court judge be correct in sustaining the man's objection?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the woman accepted the check as payment and the risk of the check not clearing falls on her.","No, because the woman can demonstrate that the man has breached the contract.","No, because the man's act of issuing a check that did not clear is evidence of fraudulent intent.","Yes, because the written instrument appears to be a complete integration of the parties' agreement.","No, because the parol evidence rule does not operate to exclude evidence to show lack or want of consideration.","Yes, because the parol evidence rule prohibits the introduction of oral agreements that contradict written agreements.","Yes, because the woman's acknowledgment of receipt in the written instrument is conclusive proof of payment.","No, because the parol evidence rule does not apply to events occurring after the forming of the writing.","Yes, because the doctrine of promissory estoppel will prevent the woman from denying her own signed acknowledgment that she received the $10,000."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1927,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. Invasion of privacy claims generally require that the disclosed information is not of public concern and that it is highly offensive to a reasonable person. However, public figures, such as a state senator, have a reduced expectation of privacy regarding their public actions and campaign finances, which are matters of public concern. The First Amendment protects the press when reporting on matters of public interest, even if the information was obtained through questionable means, as long as the information itself is true and not published with actual malice.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A legislative assistant to a state senator approached various wealthy lobbyists without the senator's knowledge to solicit illegal campaign contributions for the senator's upcoming re-election campaign. The assistant dictated several letters requesting such contributions, which the senator signed without reading, along with a pile of other correspondence. Before the letters were mailed, however, the senator discovered what had happened and then immediately terminated the assistant's employment. Later that same evening, after being notified that he was fired, the assistant returned to the senator's office and used his keys, which had not yet been returned, to enter. The assistant made copies of the letters in question. The following day, the assistant turned over the copies of the letters to an investigative reporter from the local newspaper in the area. The reporter had heard about the assistant's dismissal from another staff member and was curious about all the underlying circumstances. After the assistant provided the reporter with all of the pertinent facts, the reporter wrote a news story regarding the senator's solicitation of illegal campaign contributions. Although the reporter's story was printed in the newspaper, he did not reveal the source of his information. As soon as the publication was made, the FBI initiated an investigation of the senator's campaign finances. If the senator asserts a claim based on invasion of privacy against the newspaper for the publication of the article concerning the solicitation of illegal campaign contributions, the most likely result is that the senator will","score":0,"choices":["prevail, because the newspaper disclosed private facts about the plaintiff.","not prevail, as the senator's public actions and campaign finances are matters of public concern.","not prevail, unless he can prove the newspaper intentionally published false information.","not prevail, unless he is able to prove malice on the defendant's part.","prevail, if he can prove the assistant acted with malicious intent.","not prevail, because the senator himself unknowingly signed the letters.","prevail, because the information was obtained illegally by the assistant.","prevail, because the senator had no knowledge of the solicitation of illegal campaign contributions.","not prevail, because the newspaper was acting in the public interest by printing the news story.","prevail, because the newspaper story placed him in a \"false light in the public eye. \""],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1928,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on jurisprudence for help. The Historical School of jurisprudence emphasizes that law is a product of the customs and traditions of a society, and it becomes formalized when it receives judicial recognition. This school believes that law evolves over time based on the cultural and historical context.\nAnswer: C","question":"Which one of the following schools supports the view that a custom becomes law when it receives the stamp of judicial recognition by courts","score":0,"choices":["Critical Legal Studies School","Legal Realism School","Historical School","Natural Law School","Analytical School","Law and Economics School","Sociological School","Normative School","Feminist Jurisprudence School","Positivist School"],"correct":"E","answer":"C"}
{"number":1929,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Friedrich Carl von Savigny, a proponent of the Historical School of Jurisprudence, introduced the concept of Volksgeist, which means \"the spirit of the people.\" According to Savigny, law is deeply rooted in the customs, traditions, and collective consciousness of a society. Therefore, statements that align with this notion would emphasize law as an organic part of society's culture and social fabric.\n\n- Statements B, D, and E align well with Savigny's notion because they emphasize the cultural and social origins of law.\n- Statement C could be seen as partially aligned since economic structures are part of societal development.\n- Statement F suggests a Marxist view where law is seen as a tool for oppression by the ruling class, which is not consistent with Savigny's more culturally integrated view.\n- Statement A is the least likely to follow logically from Savigny's notion because it suggests that law is a deliberate expression of a sovereign's will, which contradicts the idea that law evolves organically from the people's customs and traditions.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Which statement below is the least likely to follow logically from Savigny's notion of a Volksgeist?","score":1,"choices":["Law is the deliberate expression of a sovereign's will.","Law is an integral element of the social fabric.","Law is the direct outcome of a society's economic structure.","Law is like language.","A society's law is a reflection of its culture.","Law is merely a tool for oppression by the ruling class."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1930,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on human rights diplomacy for help. Standard-setting in human rights diplomacy involves establishing norms and guidelines that may not necessarily be legally binding but serve as important benchmarks for behavior and practices. These standards often take the form of declarations, principles, or guidelines that influence international conduct and policy.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"What is the function of \"standard-setting in human rights diplomacy?","score":1,"choices":["Standard-setting means putting forward binding legal standards","Standard-setting means merely proposing binding legal standards","Standard-setting means putting forward non-binding legal standards","Standard-setting means setting certain standards of conduct in human rights treaties"],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1931,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on human rights for help. Standard-setting in human rights diplomacy involves the creation and proposal of both binding and non-binding legal standards to guide states and other actors in their conduct related to human rights. This process is essential for establishing norms and expectations within the international community.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"What is the function of \"standard-setting in human rights diplomacy?","score":0,"choices":["Standard-setting means setting certain standards of conduct in human rights treaties","Standard-setting means putting forward both binding and non-binding legal standards","Standard-setting means putting forward non-binding legal standards","Standard-setting means enforcing human rights treaties","Standard-setting means establishing a set of universal human rights principles","Standard-setting means merely proposing binding legal standards","Standard-setting means proposing non-binding legal standards","Standard-setting means putting forward binding legal standards","Standard-setting means proposing certain standards of conduct in human rights treaties","Standard-setting means creating guidelines for human rights diplomacy"],"correct":"C","answer":"B"}
{"number":1932,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. Passive personality jurisdiction is a principle of international law that allows a country to claim jurisdiction to prosecute a foreign national for offenses committed abroad that affect its own citizens. This means it is based on the nationality of the victims.\nAnswer: D","question":"What is passive personality jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["It is jurisdiction based on the country where the legal person was Registered","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the offender","It is jurisdiction based on the relationship between the victim and the offender","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the victims","It is jurisdiction based on the severity of the offence","It is jurisdiction based on the country where the crime was planned","It is jurisdiction based on the international law applicable to the crime","It is jurisdiction based on the country of residence of the offender","It is jurisdiction based on where the offence was committed","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the witness"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1933,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on international law for help. Passive personality jurisdiction is a principle of international law that allows a state to claim jurisdiction to prosecute foreign nationals who have committed crimes against its nationals, regardless of where the crime occurred. This principle is based on the nationality of the victims.\nAnswer: D","question":"What is passive personality jurisdiction?","score":1,"choices":["It is jurisdiction based on the country where the legal person was Registered","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the offender","It is jurisdiction based on the relationship between the victim and the offender","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the victims","It is jurisdiction based on the severity of the offence","It is jurisdiction based on the country where the crime was planned","It is jurisdiction based on the international law applicable to the crime","It is jurisdiction based on the country of residence of the offender","It is jurisdiction based on where the offence was committed","It is jurisdiction based on the nationality of the witness"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1934,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The key issue here is whether the arrest was lawful and whether the suspect's resistance was justified. According to the state statute, a person must refrain from using force when being arrested by a police officer. However, if the arrest was unlawful (i.e., without probable cause), the suspect may have a right to resist. If the jury believes the suspect's account and finds that the arrest was unlawful, then the suspect should not be found guilty of assault.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"A state statute provides: \"Whenever a person knows or should know that he (or she) is being arrested by a police officer, it is the duty of such person to refrain from using force or any weapon in resisting arrest. \" Violation of the statute is made punishable by fine and/or imprisonment. One morning, there was a bank robbery in the state. That afternoon, a police officer arrested a suspect who he believed was involved in the crime. However, the police officer and the suspect have given different accounts concerning what happened next. According to the police officer, after the suspect was apprehended, he resisted arrest and hit the police officer in the mouth with his fist. The police officer, who was momentarily stunned, pulled out his nightstick and struck the suspect over the head with it. On the other hand, the suspect claimed that after he was arrested, he cursed at the policeman, whereupon the police officer began hitting the suspect with his nightstick. To avoid being hit again, the suspect hit the police officer with his fist, knocking him down. The suspect was charged with assault. The suspect should be found","score":0,"choices":["not guilty, if the arrest was unlawful without probable cause and the jury believes the suspect's account.","not guilty, if the arrest was lawful, provided that the jury believes the suspect's account.","guilty, if the arrest was lawful, regardless which account the jury believes.","guilty, if the arrest was unlawful, regardless which account the jury believes."],"correct":"B","answer":"A"}
{"number":1935,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In an auction \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer is generally obligated to sell the item to the highest bidder once a bid has been made, as the auctioneer's announcement of \"without reserve\" means that the item cannot be withdrawn once bidding starts. The woman made a bid, and no higher bids were received, so the auctioneer should not be able to withdraw the item.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A man placed the following advertisement in his local newspaper:\"Public Auction Sale . . . without reserve December 7, 10:00 a. m. 110 Walnut St. , City, StateEntire furnishings of home must go: antiques, piano, pool table, appliances, tables, stereo system, etc. \"On the morning of December 7, a group of approximately 20 people showed up at the man's home. The first item the man put up for bid was an antique Baldwin grand piano. The man announced that the bidding would be \"without reserve\" and said, \"What's the opening bid on this beautiful Baldwin grand piano?\" A woman opened the bidding with $100. The man then commented, \"This piano is worth at least $5,000. What other bids am I offered?\" When the man did not receive any other bids, he informed the woman that he would not accept $100 and was removing the piano from the sale. If the woman asserts an action against the man for breach of contract, the woman will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the auctioneer asked for other bids after the woman's opening bid, validating her bid.","prevail, because whether or not the auction is \"without reserve,\" goods cannot be withdrawn after the auctioneer calls for bids.","not prevail, because at an auction \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer may withdraw goods until he announces completion of the sale.","not prevail, because the auctioneer did not formally accept the woman's bid before withdrawing the piano.","not prevail, because at an auction \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer invites offers, which he may accept or reject.","prevail, because the auctioneer stated that the piano is worth at least $5,000, implying a minimum bid.","not prevail, because the auctioneer has the discretion to withdraw any item from an auction.","prevail, because goods put up at an auction \"without reserve\" may not be withdrawn.","prevail, because the auction was advertised as \"without reserve,\" meaning all items must be sold to the highest bidder.","not prevail, because the auctioneer has the right to reject any bid he considers too low."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1936,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on auction law for help. In an auction \"without reserve,\" the seller is obligated to sell the item to the highest bidder once a bid has been made. This means that the goods cannot be withdrawn from the auction once bidding has started. The woman made an opening bid, and no higher bids were received, so the seller should not have withdrawn the piano from the sale.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A man placed the following advertisement in his local newspaper:\"Public Auction Sale . . . without reserve December 7, 10:00 a. m. 110 Walnut St. , City, StateEntire furnishings of home must go: antiques, piano, pool table, appliances, tables, stereo system, etc. \"On the morning of December 7, a group of approximately 20 people showed up at the man's home. The first item the man put up for bid was an antique Baldwin grand piano. The man announced that the bidding would be \"without reserve\" and said, \"What's the opening bid on this beautiful Baldwin grand piano?\" A woman opened the bidding with $100. The man then commented, \"This piano is worth at least $5,000. What other bids am I offered?\" When the man did not receive any other bids, he informed the woman that he would not accept $100 and was removing the piano from the sale. If the woman asserts an action against the man for breach of contract, the woman will most likely","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the auctioneer asked for other bids after the woman's opening bid, validating her bid.","prevail, because whether or not the auction is \"without reserve,\" goods cannot be withdrawn after the auctioneer calls for bids.","not prevail, because at an auction \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer may withdraw goods until he announces completion of the sale.","not prevail, because the auctioneer did not formally accept the woman's bid before withdrawing the piano.","not prevail, because at an auction \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer invites offers, which he may accept or reject.","prevail, because the auctioneer stated that the piano is worth at least $5,000, implying a minimum bid.","not prevail, because the auctioneer has the discretion to withdraw any item from an auction.","prevail, because goods put up at an auction \"without reserve\" may not be withdrawn.","prevail, because the auction was advertised as \"without reserve,\" meaning all items must be sold to the highest bidder.","not prevail, because the auctioneer has the right to reject any bid he considers too low."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1937,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The key issue here is whether the owner's claim is ripe for adjudication. Ripeness refers to the readiness of a case for litigation; a claim is not ripe if it involves uncertain or contingent future events that may not occur as anticipated, or indeed may not occur at all. In this scenario, the owner is seeking an injunction based on the potential future actions of the city council influenced by the organization's lobbying efforts. Since the city council has not yet made a decision, and it is uncertain whether they will deny the permit based on the lobbying, the case is not ripe for judicial review.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A nightclub owner applied for a required zoning permit to open a nude-dancing nightclub in the theater district of a city. An organization of influential city residents began an intensive lobbying effort to persuade the city council to deny the owner a permit to operate any type of nude- dancing facility at any time or in any place in the city. The owner has sued the city in an appropriate federal court, seeking an injunction that would prohibit the city council from considering the organization's views, on the ground that if the organization is successful in its lobbying efforts, the owner's First and Fourteenth Amendment rights would be violated. The city has moved to dismiss the action. Should the court dismiss the owner's action?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the city council's consideration of the organization's views is biased and unfair.","No, because the organization does not seek a reasonable time, place, and manner regulation of nude dancing, but instead seeks a total ban on the owner's opening any type of nude-dancing facility at any time or in any place in the city.","No, because the owner has a constitutional right to free expression, which includes operating a nude-dancing facility.","Yes, because the organization's lobbying efforts are a lawful expression of their views.","Yes, because the owner's lawsuit interferes with the city council's decision-making process.","No, because nude dancing is symbolic speech and is therefore protected by the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","Yes, because the First and Fourteenth Amendments do not protect obscenity, and nude dancing is obscene.","Yes, because the city council has the right to consider the views of its citizens.","Yes, because the action is not ripe.","No, because the organization's lobbying efforts infringe on the owner's right to conduct business."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1938,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, which includes some forms of expressive conduct like nude dancing. However, the city council's consideration of the organization's views is part of the democratic process and does not in itself violate constitutional rights. The owner's action is premature because it challenges potential future actions rather than a concrete decision that has already been made. Therefore, the issue is not yet ripe for judicial review.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A nightclub owner applied for a required zoning permit to open a nude-dancing nightclub in the theater district of a city. An organization of influential city residents began an intensive lobbying effort to persuade the city council to deny the owner a permit to operate any type of nude- dancing facility at any time or in any place in the city. The owner has sued the city in an appropriate federal court, seeking an injunction that would prohibit the city council from considering the organization's views, on the ground that if the organization is successful in its lobbying efforts, the owner's First and Fourteenth Amendment rights would be violated. The city has moved to dismiss the action. Should the court dismiss the owner's action?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the city council's consideration of the organization's views is biased and unfair.","No, because the organization does not seek a reasonable time, place, and manner regulation of nude dancing, but instead seeks a total ban on the owner's opening any type of nude-dancing facility at any time or in any place in the city.","No, because the owner has a constitutional right to free expression, which includes operating a nude-dancing facility.","Yes, because the organization's lobbying efforts are a lawful expression of their views.","Yes, because the owner's lawsuit interferes with the city council's decision-making process.","No, because nude dancing is symbolic speech and is therefore protected by the First and Fourteenth Amendments.","Yes, because the First and Fourteenth Amendments do not protect obscenity, and nude dancing is obscene.","Yes, because the city council has the right to consider the views of its citizens.","Yes, because the action is not ripe.","No, because the organization's lobbying efforts infringe on the owner's right to conduct business."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1939,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The question at hand is whether the witness can provide an opinion on the speed of the vehicle. Generally, lay witnesses can offer opinions if they are based on their own perceptions and helpful to understanding their testimony or determining a fact in issue. In this case, if the witness has been shown to have experience estimating vehicle speeds (e.g., as an experienced driver), their testimony could be considered admissible.\nAnswer: B","question":"In an automobile accident case, the defendant claimed that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent by driving at an excessive speed. The defendant's attorney calls its first witness, who was standing along the side of the road when the plaintiff's and defendant's cars collided. The defendant's attorney asks the witness: \"Is it a fact that in your estimation, plaintiff was traveling at a speed of 45 m. p. h. in a 35 m. p. h. speed zone at the time of the accident?\" The plaintiff objects. The trial judge should","score":0,"choices":["overrule the objection, because the judge may take judicial notice of the speed limit within the jurisdiction.","overrule the objection if the witness has already been shown to be an experienced driver who was able to estimate the approximate speed of moving vehicles.","sustain the objection if the witness has not been qualified as an expert witness.","sustain the objection, because the witness is not an adverse witness."],"correct":"D","answer":"B"}
{"number":1940,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. When the police officers detained the man, they assumed a duty of care towards him. Dropping an intoxicated person off at the city limits along a busy highway, knowing he was in no condition to ensure his own safety, likely constitutes a breach of that duty. The man's intoxication and subsequent injury were foreseeable consequences of the officers' actions. Therefore, the most likely outcome is that the man will recover because the police officers were responsible for his safety after detaining him and failed to ensure it before leaving him.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"At 1:00 a. m. one night, two police officers were driving past a tavern when they noticed a man vomiting outside. They stopped their patrol car and walked over to the man, whom they recognized as a troublemaker from the neighboring town. Realizing that the man was extremely intoxicated, they grabbed him and shoved him into their patrol car. They drove the man around in the police car for a few minutes and told him he had two choices. They would either take him to jail for the night or drive him to the city limits and drop him off there. The man indicated that he didn't want to go to jail. One of the officers then said, \"Does that mean you want us to drop you off at the city limits?\" The man replied, \"Yes. \" They then drove him to the city limits and left him along a busy highway. Moments later, the man staggered onto the street and was struck by a car driven by a motorist. He suffered multiple injuries. If the man asserts a claim against the police department based on negligence, he will most likely","score":0,"choices":["recover, because the police officers were responsible for his safety after detaining him.","not recover, because he was already intoxicated and causing a disturbance before the police intervened.","not recover, because the motorist's act was a supervening cause of his injury.","not recover, because he willingly chose to be dropped off at the city limits.","recover, because the police knew that the man was intoxicated when they dropped him off.","not recover, because the man chose to be driven to the city limits.","recover, because the police should have realized it was dangerous to drop him off where they did.","recover, because the police officers should have provided him with medical assistance due to his intoxication.","recover, because the police officers did not ensure his safety before leaving him.","not recover, because the police officers gave him a choice and he made his decision."],"correct":"G","answer":"A"}
{"number":1941,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. The neighbor's claim is based on the smoke and discoloration caused by the mechanic's actions. Conversion involves taking someone's property, vicarious liability involves holding someone liable for another's actions, defamation involves harming someone's reputation through false statements, intentional infliction of emotional distress involves extreme and outrageous conduct causing severe emotional distress, strict liability involves liability without fault, assault and battery involve harmful or offensive physical contact, trespass involves unauthorized entry onto someone's property, and invasion of privacy involves intruding into someone's private affairs.\n\nNuisance, however, involves an interference with the use and enjoyment of someone's property. The smoke and discoloration affecting the neighbor's home would most likely be considered a nuisance.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An auto mechanic was repairing a car in his auto. shop when a spark ignited gasoline and oil residue on the floor. The mechanic managed to douse the flames, but not before the fire created giant billows of smoke that floated over onto a neighbor's property and caused the neighbor's home to become discolored. If the neighbor asserts a claim against the mechanic, the neighbor would most likely be able to recover for","score":0,"choices":["conversion.","vicarious liability.","defamation.","intentional infliction of emotional distress.","nuisance.","strict liability.","negligence.","assault and battery.","trespass.","invasion of privacy."],"correct":"G","answer":"E"}
{"number":1942,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. Conversion involves wrongful possession or disposition of someone else's property, which does not apply here. Vicarious liability involves holding one party responsible for the actions of another, which is not relevant in this scenario. Defamation involves false statements harming someone's reputation, which is not applicable. Intentional infliction of emotional distress requires intentional conduct causing severe emotional distress, which is not evident here. Nuisance involves interference with the use and enjoyment of land, which fits the situation where smoke from the mechanic's shop affected the neighbor's property. Strict liability typically applies to inherently dangerous activities, which might not fit this scenario perfectly. Negligence involves failing to exercise reasonable care, which could be argued but is less specific than nuisance in this context. Assault and battery involve intentional physical harm or threat thereof, which is not relevant here. Trespass involves unlawful entry onto someone's property, which does not fit as well as nuisance in this context. Invasion of privacy involves intruding into someone's private affairs, which does not apply.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An auto mechanic was repairing a car in his auto. shop when a spark ignited gasoline and oil residue on the floor. The mechanic managed to douse the flames, but not before the fire created giant billows of smoke that floated over onto a neighbor's property and caused the neighbor's home to become discolored. If the neighbor asserts a claim against the mechanic, the neighbor would most likely be able to recover for","score":0,"choices":["conversion.","vicarious liability.","defamation.","intentional infliction of emotional distress.","nuisance.","strict liability.","negligence.","assault and battery.","trespass.","invasion of privacy."],"correct":"G","answer":"E"}
{"number":1943,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures by the government, not private individuals. Since the guidance counselor is a private party and not a government official, his search does not violate the Fourth Amendment. The police's subsequent actions are based on the information provided by the counselor, which does not require a warrant as it was handed over voluntarily by a private individual.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"During spring break, a private boarding school was deserted while students and teachers were away on vacation. A guidance counselor remained on campus because he was working on a research project. After working late one night, the counselor decided to enter the room of a student from a very wealthy family. The counselor was rummaging through the student's room looking for something valuable to steal. Under the bed, he noticed an expensive suitcase. The counselor opened the suitcase and found an express mail envelope. The counselor knew that the student's father often sent money to his son in express mail envelopes. The counselor opened the envelope and saw that it contained a large quantity of white powder, which he suspected to be heroin. The counselor telephoned the police, and an officer was dispatched to the school. The counselor handed the officer the envelope, which he transported to the police station. At the station house, the officer opened the envelope and sent a sampling of the substance to the police lab. Tests confirmed the substance to be heroin. The police did not secure a search warrant before confiscating and opening the envelope. The student was thereafter arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance. The student's attorney has filed a motion to suppress the heroin from evidence. The motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police should have secured a warrant before seizing the envelope.","denied, because the counselor, as a school employee, was in loco parentis.","granted, because the police did not have probable cause to test the substance.","granted, because the police should have secured a warrant before opening the envelope.","granted, because the student was not present during the search.","granted, because the student's room is considered private property.","denied, because the search was conducted by a private party.","denied, because the discovery of the substance was incidental to the counselor's actions.","denied, because the school has a policy allowing searches of student rooms.","denied, because the counselor had a reasonable suspicion of illegal activity."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1944,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on Fourth Amendment jurisprudence for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures by the government. However, this protection does not extend to searches conducted by private individuals who are not acting as agents of the government. In this case, the guidance counselor, a private party, conducted the search independently and then handed over the evidence to the police. Therefore, the search by the counselor does not fall under Fourth Amendment scrutiny.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"During spring break, a private boarding school was deserted while students and teachers were away on vacation. A guidance counselor remained on campus because he was working on a research project. After working late one night, the counselor decided to enter the room of a student from a very wealthy family. The counselor was rummaging through the student's room looking for something valuable to steal. Under the bed, he noticed an expensive suitcase. The counselor opened the suitcase and found an express mail envelope. The counselor knew that the student's father often sent money to his son in express mail envelopes. The counselor opened the envelope and saw that it contained a large quantity of white powder, which he suspected to be heroin. The counselor telephoned the police, and an officer was dispatched to the school. The counselor handed the officer the envelope, which he transported to the police station. At the station house, the officer opened the envelope and sent a sampling of the substance to the police lab. Tests confirmed the substance to be heroin. The police did not secure a search warrant before confiscating and opening the envelope. The student was thereafter arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance. The student's attorney has filed a motion to suppress the heroin from evidence. The motion will most likely be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the police should have secured a warrant before seizing the envelope.","denied, because the counselor, as a school employee, was in loco parentis.","granted, because the police did not have probable cause to test the substance.","granted, because the police should have secured a warrant before opening the envelope.","granted, because the student was not present during the search.","granted, because the student's room is considered private property.","denied, because the search was conducted by a private party.","denied, because the discovery of the substance was incidental to the counselor's actions.","denied, because the school has a policy allowing searches of student rooms.","denied, because the counselor had a reasonable suspicion of illegal activity."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1945,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. Theft involves the intent to permanently deprive someone of their property, which the friend did not have. Criminal mischief typically involves damage to property, which is not applicable here. Manslaughter involves causing the death of another person, which did not occur. Battery involves unlawful physical contact, which did not occur in this scenario. Kidnapping involves unlawfully confining someone against their will, which did not happen here. Burglary involves breaking and entering with intent to commit a crime inside, which is not relevant here. Fraud involves deception for financial gain, which is also not applicable.\n\nThe friendâ€™s actions could be considered as assault because she intentionally caused the woman to fear imminent harmful or offensive contact by brandishing a toy pistol and grabbing her necklace, even though there was no actual physical harm.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A wealthy woman often wore expensive jewelry while walking her dog in the park. Her friends warned her against wearing such valuable jewelry because they feared she would be an easy target for muggers. In order to persuade the woman not to wear her expensive jewelry in the park, her friend decided to play a practical joke. One morning, the friend dressed like a man and hid in an area of the park that she knew the woman customarily walked through. As the woman was strolling through the park with her dog that morning, the friend jumped out from behind the bush brandishing a toy pistol and grabbed the woman's diamond necklace from her neck. Startled, the woman became hysterical and began to plead for her life. The friend then removed her male garb, handed the necklace back to the woman and said, \"I just wanted to frighten you to teach you a lesson. \"If the friend is subsequently prosecuted, she should be found guilty of which, if any, of the following crimes?","score":0,"choices":["Theft.","Criminal mischief.","Manslaughter.","No crime.","Battery.","Kidnapping.","Burglary.","Fraud."],"correct":"E","answer":"D"}
{"number":1946,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Strict liability applies to activities that are considered abnormally dangerous, where the defendant can be held liable regardless of fault. Transporting highly flammable petroleum derivatives in ordinary glass jugs can be considered an abnormally dangerous activity due to the high risk of serious harm. The scientist's lack of attention while driving and the subsequent spillage of chemicals further contribute to the dangerous nature of the activity. Therefore, the doctor can assert a claim based on strict liability.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A scientist used his car to transport a large quantity of highly flammable petroleum derivatives that he needed for his scientific research. The petroleum derivatives were sold in ordinary glass gallon jugs. Shortly after putting the jugs in the back of his car, the scientist was driving along a city street. He was thinking about a difficult scientific question and not paying attention to his driving. As a result, he lost control of the car and drove up onto the sidewalk. The car flipped over. The glass jugs in the back of the car were broken, and the chemicals in them spilled out onto the sidewalk. Moments later, a doctor who witnessed the accident came running over to render medical assistance. As he approached the overturned car, however, the doctor slipped on the petroleum derivatives that had spilled onto the sidewalk. The doctor fell and fractured his ankle. If the doctor asserts a claim against the scientist based on strict liability, will the doctor prevail?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the doctor should have been more careful around the accident site.","No, because the scientist was legally transporting the chemicals for his research.","Yes, because the scientist was not exercising reasonable care in driving and handling dangerous chemicals.","Yes, because the scientist was engaged in an abnormally dangerous activity by transporting highly flammable petroleum derivatives in his car.","Yes, because the scientist should have warned the doctor about the chemicals.","No, because it was unforeseeable that the doctor's injury would result from the type of harm threatened.","Yes, because the scientist should have used a safer method to transport the chemicals.","Yes, because the transportation of flammable petroleum derivatives in glass jugs necessarily involves a high degree of risk of serious harm.","No, because the doctor assumed the risk by voluntarily acting as a Good Samaritan."],"correct":"F","answer":"D"}
{"number":1947,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Strict liability applies to activities that are considered abnormally dangerous, where the inherent risk cannot be eliminated even with the exercise of utmost care. Transporting highly flammable petroleum derivatives in ordinary glass jugs can be considered an abnormally dangerous activity due to the high risk involved. The scientist's lack of attention while driving and the subsequent accident led to the spillage of these dangerous chemicals, which directly caused the doctor's injury. Therefore, the strongest argument for strict liability is that the scientist was engaged in an abnormally dangerous activity.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A scientist used his car to transport a large quantity of highly flammable petroleum derivatives that he needed for his scientific research. The petroleum derivatives were sold in ordinary glass gallon jugs. Shortly after putting the jugs in the back of his car, the scientist was driving along a city street. He was thinking about a difficult scientific question and not paying attention to his driving. As a result, he lost control of the car and drove up onto the sidewalk. The car flipped over. The glass jugs in the back of the car were broken, and the chemicals in them spilled out onto the sidewalk. Moments later, a doctor who witnessed the accident came running over to render medical assistance. As he approached the overturned car, however, the doctor slipped on the petroleum derivatives that had spilled onto the sidewalk. The doctor fell and fractured his ankle. If the doctor asserts a claim against the scientist based on strict liability, will the doctor prevail?","score":0,"choices":["No, because the doctor should have been more careful around the accident site.","No, because the scientist was legally transporting the chemicals for his research.","Yes, because the scientist was not exercising reasonable care in driving and handling dangerous chemicals.","Yes, because the scientist was engaged in an abnormally dangerous activity by transporting highly flammable petroleum derivatives in his car.","Yes, because the scientist should have warned the doctor about the chemicals.","No, because it was unforeseeable that the doctor's injury would result from the type of harm threatened.","Yes, because the scientist should have used a safer method to transport the chemicals.","No, because the chemicals were not the direct cause of the doctor's injury.","Yes, because the transportation of flammable petroleum derivatives in glass jugs necessarily involves a high degree of risk of serious harm.","No, because the doctor assumed the risk by voluntarily acting as a Good Samaritan."],"correct":"F","answer":"D"}
{"number":1948,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on federal civil procedure for help. According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, specifically Rule 50, a party must file a motion for judgment as a matter of law (JMOL) before the case is submitted to the jury in order to later challenge the sufficiency of the evidence on appeal. Since the wholesaler did not file such a motion before the case went to the jury, they are procedurally barred from raising this issue on appeal.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A retailer brought a federal diversity action against a wholesaler, alleging breach of contract and fraudulent misrepresentation. After the parties presented their evidence at trial, the court instructed the jury on the law. Neither party filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law before the case went to the jury. The jury found for the retailer on both claims. After the court entered judgment on the verdict, the wholesaler moved for a new trial and for judgment as a matter of law, arguing that the evidence was insufficient to support the jury verdict on either claim. The court acknowledged that there had been problems with some of the evidence, but it denied the motions. The wholesaler appealed, challenging the sufficiency of the evidence. Should the appellate court consider the wholesaler's challenge?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the wholesaler's challenge is merely a disagreement with the jury's verdict, not a legal issue for the appellate court.","Yes, because the wholesaler's challenge pertains to a fundamental aspect of the trial process.","Yes, because the wholesaler has the right to appeal the trial court's decisions.","No, because the wholesaler did not raise the sufficiency-of-the-evidence issue in a motion for judgment as a matter of law before the case went to the jury.","Yes, because the challenge was raised and ruled on by the trial court before the wholesaler filed the appeal.","Yes, because the appellate court has the power to review all aspects of the case, including the sufficiency of the evidence.","No, because a determination of the sufficiency of the evidence is solely within sufficiency of the evidence is solely within the jury's province.","Yes, because, as the trial court acknowledged, the wholesaler has strong arguments on the challenge."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1949,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on legal procedures for help. According to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a party must file a motion for judgment as a matter of law (JMOL) before the case is submitted to the jury in order to preserve the right to challenge the sufficiency of the evidence on appeal. Since the wholesaler did not file a JMOL before the case went to the jury, they failed to preserve this issue for appeal.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A retailer brought a federal diversity action against a wholesaler, alleging breach of contract and fraudulent misrepresentation. After the parties presented their evidence at trial, the court instructed the jury on the law. Neither party filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law before the case went to the jury. The jury found for the retailer on both claims. After the court entered judgment on the verdict, the wholesaler moved for a new trial and for judgment as a matter of law, arguing that the evidence was insufficient to support the jury verdict on either claim. The court acknowledged that there had been problems with some of the evidence, but it denied the motions. The wholesaler appealed, challenging the sufficiency of the evidence. Should the appellate court consider the wholesaler's challenge?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the wholesaler's challenge is merely a disagreement with the jury's verdict, not a legal issue for the appellate court.","Yes, because the wholesaler's challenge pertains to a fundamental aspect of the trial process.","Yes, because the wholesaler has the right to appeal the trial court's decisions.","No, because the wholesaler did not raise the sufficiency-of-the-evidence issue in a motion for judgment as a matter of law before the case went to the jury.","Yes, because the challenge was raised and ruled on by the trial court before the wholesaler filed the appeal.","Yes, because the appellate court has the power to review all aspects of the case, including the sufficiency of the evidence.","No, because a determination of the sufficiency of the evidence is solely within sufficiency of the evidence is solely within the jury's province.","No, because the wholesaler did not adequately present its challenge to the sufficiency of the evidence at trial.","Yes, because, as the trial court acknowledged, the wholesaler has strong arguments on the challenge.","No, because the wholesaler had the opportunity to raise the issue at trial but failed to do so."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1950,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. \n\n1. **Trespassing**: The defendant entered the fenced-in back yard without permission, which constitutes trespassing.\n2. **Larceny**: The defendant took the package of bread with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of it, which constitutes larceny.\n3. **Attempted Burglary**: The defendant attempted to pry open the back window of the grocery store with the intent to commit theft inside, but did not succeed in entering the building, which constitutes attempted burglary.\n\nTherefore, the defendant will most likely be convicted of trespassing, larceny, and attempted burglary.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A husband and wife owned and operated a grocery store. The grocery store was situated in the first floor of the building in which the husband and wife occupied a second-floor apartment. Late one evening, the defendant was walking past the grocery store when he decided to steal the money he heard had been stashed in a cigar box inside the store. The defendant furtively walked to the rear of the building. He then proceeded to open the gate to the fenced-in back yard. Once inside the back yard, the defendant attempted to pry open the back window of the grocery store. Awakened by the barking of his watchdog, the husband went out onto his second- floor back porch and saw the defendant below. The husband yelled at the defendant. Startled, the defendant turned to run when he noticed a large package lying outside the rear door to the store. The defendant picked up the package, which contained baked bread that had been delivered earlier in the evening, and the defendant then ran off. Which of the following crimes will the defendant most likely be convicted of?","score":0,"choices":["Burglary and theft.","Larceny and burglary.","Larceny.","Attempted burglary and theft.","Trespassing and attempted burglary.","Trespassing and larceny.","Burglary.","Attempted larceny.","Larceny and attempted burglary.","Trespassing, larceny and attempted burglary."],"correct":"I","answer":"J"}
{"number":1951,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on auctions for help. In an auction, the following rules generally apply:\n- Auctions can be \"with reserve\" or \"without reserve.\" In a \"with reserve\" auction, the seller retains the right to withdraw the item before the auctioneer accepts a bid.\n- A bidder may retract their bid at any time before the auctioneer announces the completion of the sale (i.e., before the fall of the hammer).\n- The retraction of a bid does not revive previous bids.\n- If an auction is \"without reserve,\" the auctioneer cannot withdraw the item once bidding has started unless no bid is made within a reasonable time.\n\nGiven these points, the correct rule that applies is that a bidder may retract his bid at any time until the falling of the hammer.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Fernandez is planning to attend an auction of the assets of Cross & Black, one of his major competitors who is liquidating. In the conduct of the auction, which of the following rules applies?","score":1,"choices":["Such a sale is without reserve unless the goods are explicitly put up with reserve.","A bidder may retract his bid at any time until the falling of the hammer.","The retraction of a bid by a bidder revives the previous bid.","If the auction is without reserve, the auctioneer can withdraw the article at any time prior to the fall of the hammer."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1952,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on auction law for help. In an auction, bids can generally be retracted until the fall of the hammer, which signifies the acceptance of the highest bid and the conclusion of the auction for that item. This rule allows bidders to change their minds up until the final moment.\nAnswer: D","question":"Fernandez is planning to attend an auction of the assets of Cross & Black, one of his major competitors who is liquidating. In the conduct of the auction, which of the following rules applies?","score":1,"choices":["A bidder can retract his bid even after the fall of the hammer.","If the auction is with reserve, the auctioneer cannot withdraw the article at any time.","The retraction of a bid by a bidder automatically ends the auction.","A bidder may retract his bid at any time until the falling of the hammer.","The auctioneer can increase the bidding price at any time during the auction.","If the auction is without reserve, the auctioneer can withdraw the article at any time prior to the fall of the hammer.","All bids are final and cannot be retracted under any circumstances."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1953,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects individuals from self-incrimination. The defendant's refusal to take a lie detector test should not be used against him as it implies guilt and violates his right against self-incrimination. The appellate court should find that the admission of the detective's testimony was plain error because it violated this privilege.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A defendant was prosecuted for murder. At trial, the prosecutor called a police detective to testify. The detective, who questioned the defendant at the station house after his arrest, testified that the defendant initially declared his innocence. The detective further testified that when given the opportunity to take a lie detector test, the defendant refused. The defendant's attorney did not object to the detective's testimony. The defendant was convicted and sentenced to prison. The defendant, who is now represented by a new attorney, appeals, claiming that it was error to admit the detective's testimony. The appellate court should find","score":0,"choices":["plain error, because the trial court should have acted on its own motion to order reference to the lie detector test stricken.","no error, because the defendant refused the lie detector test, implying guilt","harmless error, because the defendant's statements were admissions.","harmless error, because the defendant's refusal to take the lie detector test was relevant information for the jury.","harmless error, because the defendant was given the opportunity to defend his statements","harmless error, because the defendant's trial attorney failed to preserve the argument by timely objection.","plain error, because the detective's testimony was hearsay","plain error, because the defendant was not read his rights prior to the questioning","no error, because the detective's testimony was valid evidence","plain error, because admission of the detective's testimony violated the defendant's privilege against self-incrimination."],"correct":"A","answer":"J"}
{"number":1954,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. In output contracts, the quantity term is often determined by the seller's production capacity. However, the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) requires that any increase in output must be made in good faith and cannot be unreasonably disproportionate to any stated estimate or prior output. Given that the original estimate was 1000 to 1500 watches per month, an increase to 2500 watches per month is significantly disproportionate and likely exceeds what could be considered reasonable under the UCC.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A watch manufacturer has an agreement with a watch wholesaler in which the wholesaler agrees to purchase all of the watches made each month by the manufacturer, within an estimated number of 1000 to 1500 watches per month. Although the agreement worked well at 1,000 watches per month, the manufacturer expanded its plant capacity and produced 2500 watches per month. The wholesaler could no longer pay for that volume of watches. The manufacturer sued the wholesaler to compel it to buy its full output each month as required by the contract. will the court likely grant the manufacturer's request?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, a doubling of the output contract in these circumstances meets a good faith standard and is reasonable.","No, because the expansion is a disproportionate increase in product that exceeds contractual estimates and cannot be handled by the buyer.","No, because the manufacturer should have consulted with the wholesaler before increasing production.","Yes, because the manufacturer has the right to increase production as it sees fit.","Yes, because doubling the size of the output contract is not unreasonable and is only 500 more the top estimated limit.","No, because the wholesaler has the right to reject any amount that exceeds the estimated number.","Yes, because the contract does not specify a maximum production limit.","No, because a change of more than 10% is considered to be unreasonable and the basis for a breach of contract.","Yes, because the agreement states the wholesaler will purchase all watches made each month.","No, because the wholesaler cannot be expected to buy more than the estimated amount agreed upon."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1955,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. At common law, burglary is defined as breaking and entering the dwelling of another at night with the intent to commit a felony inside. Larceny involves the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive them of it. Arson is the malicious burning of the dwelling of another. In this scenario, the co-defendants committed burglary by breaking into the warehouse at night with the intent to steal (a felony), larceny by taking the appliances, and arson by causing a fire that destroyed the warehouse, even if it was unintentional initially but became malicious when they failed to extinguish it.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"Late one night, co-defendants broke into a warehouse and proceeded to load the large crates of appliances onto their truck. As they were leaving, one of the co-defendants inadvertently threw his cigarette butt into a refuse pile of old cardboard boxes and papers. Soon afterward, the refuse ignited into a small fire. Although the co-defendants had time to douse the fire without any danger to themselves, neither did so. Instead, they climbed into the truck and fled. Meanwhile, the fire quickly spread, engulfing the entire warehouse in flames. At common law, the co-defendants should be found guilty of","score":0,"choices":["burglary and larceny.","burglary only.","burglary and arson.","larceny and arson.","burglary, arson, and criminal negligence.","burglary, larceny, and arson.","arson only.","larceny only.","larceny, arson, and criminal negligence."],"correct":"H","answer":"F"}
{"number":1956,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on U.S. constitutional law for help. In the United States, if there is a conflict between a congressional act and a valid treaty, the \"last in time\" rule is applied. This means that whichever was enacted more recently will prevail. This principle is based on the idea that the most recent expression of the will of the legislative or treaty-making authorities should take precedence.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"If there is a conflict between a congressional act and a valid treaty, how is it resolved?","score":1,"choices":["The conflict is resolved through a Congressional vote","The president decides","The Supreme Court decides","The valid treaty always prevails","The United Nations intervenes","The congressional act always prevails","The Secretary of State decides","The last in time prevails","The conflict is resolved through a national referendum","It is automatically deemed unconstitutional"],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1957,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. In a joint tenancy, each tenant has an equal share and the right of survivorship, meaning if one tenant dies, their share automatically passes to the surviving tenants. However, if one joint tenant transfers their interest to someone else, it severs the joint tenancy and converts it into a tenancy in common for that share. Therefore, the friend would have an undivided one-half interest without the right of survivorship.\nAnswer: E","question":"A sister and brother own a ranch as joint tenants. If the sister transfers her interest by quitclaim deed to her friend without the brother's knowledge, what interest, if any, does the friend have in the ranch?","score":1,"choices":["A vested remainder interest in the property.","A life estate interest in the ranch.","Full ownership of the property.","An undivided one-half interest with right of survivorship.","An undivided one-half interest without right of survivorship.","A lien against the entire property.","A tenancy in common with the brother.","A claim to future profits from the ranch.","A leasehold interest in the property."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1958,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. Hearsay is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted and is generally inadmissible unless an exception applies. Statements made about one's own physical condition are often considered exceptions to the hearsay rule because they are seen as reliable indicators of the declarant's state at the time.\n\nIn this case, the man's statement to the woman about his back and leg pain before the accident can be seen as a statement of his physical condition, which is relevant to the case because it contradicts his claim that the pain resulted from the accident at work.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A man and a woman are tennis partners who play regularly. Last January, the man slipped and fell while restocking grocery shelves at work. The man is suing the grocery store for damages, claiming that he suffers from pain in his back and legs as a result of the accident. At trial, the woman testified that five days prior to the accident, the man told her, \"I can't complete the tennis match because of pains in my back and legs. \"The trial judge should rule this testimony","score":1,"choices":["inadmissible as it is prejudicial to the man.","inadmissible as hearsay.","inadmissible as it is irrelevant to the case.","admissible as a statement of physical condition.","inadmissible as it is not related to the accident.","admissible as a statement of bodily condition.","admissible as a proper lay opinion.","admissible as a prior inconsistent statement.","admissible as an exception to the hearsay rule.","inadmissible as opinion testimony."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1959,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, a seller has the right to \"cure\" a non-conforming delivery if they can do so within the contract time. Since the bakery offered to send the correct loaves within 24 hours, which is a reasonable time frame and within the contract period, the supermarket would not be entitled to reject this offer to cure.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A supermarket signed a contract with a bakery to provide the supermarket with 100 loaves of whole wheat bread per week for 12 consecutive weeks. The loaves were to be delivered on the first day of each week, with payment to be made within four days of delivery. For the first four weeks, the bakery delivered loaves to the supermarket and the supermarket made the appropriate payments. When the fifth delivery arrived, the supermarket discovered that the shipment contained 80 whole wheat loaves and 20 sourdough loaves. The manager of the supermarket immediately called the bakery to complain about the shipment. The operator of the bakery apologized and offered to send 20 loaves of whole wheat bread within 24 hours. What is the probable legal effect of the operator's conversation with the manager with regard to the fifth shipment?","score":1,"choices":["The supermarket would have the right to demand immediate delivery of the 20 whole wheat loaves.","The supermarket would have the right to accept the sourdough loaves at a reduced price.","The supermarket would have the right to demand a refund for the sourdough loaves.","The supermarket would have the right to sue the bakery for breach of contract.","The supermarket would have a right to \"cover\" by purchasing substitute loaves of bread.","The supermarket would have the right to reject the fifth shipment and cancel their contract.","The supermarket would have no legal recourse and would have to accept the sourdough loaves.","The supermarket would not be entitled to reject the operator's offer to \"cure. \"","The supermarket would have the right to cancel the contract and seek damages.","The supermarket would have the right to reject the fifth shipment, but would be held liable for the remaining deliveries."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1960,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, and generally requires a warrant for searches. The police entered the husband's apartment without a warrant or his consent, which makes the search unconstitutional. Evidence obtained from an unconstitutional search is typically subject to exclusion under the exclusionary rule, which applies to criminal trials.\n\nHowever, the exclusionary rule does not typically apply to grand jury proceedings. This means that even if evidence was obtained illegally, it can still be presented to a grand jury. Therefore, while the search may have been unconstitutional, the motion to suppress the evidence in this context should be denied because the exclusionary rule does not extend to grand jury hearings.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"Late one evening, a police department received a telephone call from an unidentified woman who reported hearing loud shrieks and screams from a neighboring home. The caller furnished the police with the address where the disturbance was taking place. When the police arrived at the home, they discovered the homeowner, bludgeoned to death. The murder weapon was a blood-stained baseball bat found near the victim's body. A subsequent investigation revealed that the homeowner had recently been separated from her husband who had since moved to another city. After questioning several of the victim's friends and relatives, the police concluded that the husband was a prime suspect in the murder. Thus, two detectives went to question the husband about the killing. When they arrived at his apartment, the detectives persuaded the landlord to let them into his apartment. Finding no one inside, they searched the apartment. Before leaving, the detectives took a box of cereal, which they planned to use for a fingerprint comparison. The prints from the cereal box matched those found on the baseball bat. The police provided the grand jury investigating the murder with the fingerprint comparison. The husband is subsequently subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury. Before his scheduled appearance, the husband files a motion to suppress evidence of the fingerprint comparison, contending that the evidence was illegally obtained. His motion should be","score":1,"choices":["granted, because the cereal box was not in plain sight during the search.","denied, because the exclusionary rule has not been extended to grand jury hearings.","granted, because the grand jury is barred from considering illegally obtained evidence.","granted, because the warrantless search of the husband's apartment was unconstitutional.","denied, because the landlord gave the police permission to enter the apartment.","granted, because the police had no proof of the husband's involvement at the time of the search.","denied, because the fingerprint evidence was crucial to the investigation.","granted, because the police did not have the husband's consent to search his apartment.","denied, because the husband was not present during the search of his apartment."],"correct":"B","answer":"B"}
{"number":1961,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The strongest constitutional argument against the authority of this agency involves the separation of powers principle. Specifically, the Appointments Clause in Article II, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution states that the President shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint officers of the United States. Congress retaining the power to appoint members of an agency violates this clause.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Congress has recently enacted a statute designed to prevent price gouging of gasoline by private retail sellers. To help administer the new statute Congress created a seven-member agency, four members of which were appointed by the President, two by the Senate, and one by the Speaker of the House. The agency was authorized to issue rules interpreting regulations prescribed under existing federal law. It was also authorized to issue \"cease and desist\" orders after hearings against private retail sellers of gasoline who \"intentionally engaged in price gouging. \" In this regard, violations of the cease and desist orders were made punishable by fine and/or imprisonment. Which of the following is the strongest constitutional argument against the authority of this agency?","score":1,"choices":["Congress may not delegate to the agency power to interpret regulations without the approval of the President.","Congress may not delegate to the agency power to issue fines.","Congress may not delegate to the agency power to imprison private citizens.","Congress may not delegate enforcement of a federal law in any governmental body other than the U. S. Attorney General or the courts.","Congress may not delegate to the agency power to make \"cease and desist\" orders, the violation of which is punishable by imprisonment.","Congress may not delegate to the agency power to make interpretations of existing federal laws.","Congress may not create an agency to regulate private business practices.","Congress may not delegate to the agency power to regulate prices.","Congress may not retain the power to appoint even a minority of members of such an agency.","Congress may not delegate power to an agency without the approval of the Supreme Court."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1962,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on warranties for help. A Warranty of Fitness for a Particular Purpose arises when a buyer relies on the seller's expertise to select a product that meets the buyer's specific needs. This is different from a Warranty of Merchantability, which assures that the product will work for general purposes. Here, since the buyer is relying on the salesperson's understanding and knowledge to meet specific goals, it fits the definition of a Warranty of Fitness for Particular Purpose.\nAnswer: D","question":"Buyer is purchasing a bicycle based on the salesperson's understanding of buyer's goals and seller's knowledge. What kind of warranty might this be considered?","score":1,"choices":["Warranty of Merchantability","Warranty of Title","Warranty of Authenticity","Warranty of Fitness for Particular Purpose.","Warranty of Non-Infringement","Full Warranty","Limited Warranty","Extended Warranty","Implied","Express"],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1963,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. The key issue here is the promise made by the widower to his daughter in exchange for her and her husband's continued care and assistance on the farm. This situation involves an oral promise regarding the transfer of land, which typically falls under the statute of frauds, requiring such agreements to be in writing to be enforceable. However, there are exceptions to this rule, such as part performance or reliance on the promise, which could lead to the application of a constructive trust to prevent unjust enrichment.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"A 73-year-old widower owned a 40-acre farm. The widower had two children, a son and a daughter. After the daughter married, she and her husband lived on the farm in a small cottage. From 1985 to 1989, the daughter and the husband helped the widower farm and maintain the property. The widower, whose health was deteriorating, needed the services of the daughter and her husband in order to continue to live on the farm. In December 1989, the daughter told the widower that she and her husband were planning to move out of state. Worried that he could not survive without their help, the widower said to the daughter, \"Please don't ever leav. e. I'm totally dependent on you and your husband. If you stay and continue to care for me and help with the farming, the farm will be yours when I die. \" The daughter turned down a job offer in a neighboring state and decided to do as the widower requested. For nine years, the daughter cared for her father while her husband handled most of the farming operations. In 1998, the widower died intestate with the daughter and the son as his only surviving heirs. The period required to acquire title by adverse possession in the jurisdiction is seven years. In an appropriate action to determine the legal and equitable rights of the daughter and the son, respectively, in the farm, the result will depend upon the application of the principles of and exceptions to the","score":1,"choices":["doctrine of equitable conversion.","doctrine of resulting trusts.","parol evidence rule.","doctrine of constructive trusts.","principle of promissory note.","statute of frauds.","rule against perpetuities.","law for adverse possession."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1964,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The U.S. Constitution grants Congress exclusive legislative authority over the District of Columbia under Article I, Section 8, Clause 17, which allows Congress to \"exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever\" over the district. This means that Congress has the ultimate authority over local matters in Washington, D.C., including transportation and street designations.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"Congress enacts a statute that makes Pennsylvania Avenue a one-way street. Congress has enacted the statute solely for the purpose of enabling members of Congress to travel back and forth to the Capital without being tied up in heavy traffic each day. Before Congress enacted this law, the Washington, D. C. , City Council had previously passed an ordinance designating Pennsylvania Avenue as a two-lane street. Which of the following is the most accurate statement regarding the constitutionality of the federal statute designating Pennsylvania Avenue a one-way street?","score":1,"choices":["It is invalid because it conflicts with the ordinance passed by the Washington, D.C., City Council.","It is valid as it is within the purview of Congress's power over transportation.","It is invalid because the law infringes upon the rights of the residents of Washington, D.C.","It is invalid because it is a discriminatory burden on interstate commerce.","It is valid because it is a proper exercise of Congress's enumerated property power.","It is invalid because it violates the Tenth Amendment.","It is valid because Congress has exclusive power over the District of Columbia.","It is valid because Congress has the power to regulate interstate commerce.","It is invalid because the Washington, D. C. , City Council has exclusive power over the public thoroughfares within the District of Columbia.","It is valid because it serves a clear governmental interest."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1965,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The federal court has jurisdiction over constitutional issues, but it often abstains from deciding cases that involve unclear state laws until the state courts have had an opportunity to interpret them. This is known as the abstention doctrine, particularly under the Pullman abstention doctrine, which applies when a case involves an unclear state law that could be interpreted in a way that would avoid or modify the federal constitutional question.\n\nAnswer: J","question":"A state legislature has recently enacted a statute requiring all prospective voters in state electionswho wish to write-in a candidate to print the candidate's full name, and designate the office for which the candidate is running. The statute provides that such information must be written on the ballot in ink in an appropriate space. A write-in candidate for the office of Attorney General is a Chinese-American. The candidate is of the opinion that he needs a large turnout of Chinese voters in order to win the election. As a result, his campaign manager decides to mail to every registered Chinese voter a tear-off sticker, which bears the candidates name along with the office of Attorney General. Since many native Chinese people are not proficient in reading and writing English, the campaign manager believes that many of the voters will have difficulty writing the candidate's name and office on the ballot. As a result, the campaign manager has mounted an extensive media campaign to inform voters on how to apply the stickers to the ballot. Five months prior to the election an election official notifies the candidate's campaign committee that the tear-off stickers do not comply with the state statute. In her letter, the official explains that state election officials are of the opinion that it is necessary for potential voters to write the candidate's name in ink. Therefore, she concludes that the stickers do not comply with statutory requirements. Three weeks later, the candidate filed suit in federal district court against the election officials, claiming that their interpretation of the state statute violates the U. S. Constitution. Thereafter, one of the candidate's opponents filed suit in state court seeking to prevent state election officials from counting any write-in ballots with stickers. The state court has now scheduled a prompt hearing on this matter. In addition, the state court has indicated that it hopes to render a decision on the merits within the next three weeks. Which of the following statements is correct concerning the federal court's adjudication of the candidate's suit?","score":1,"choices":["The federal court should remand the case to the state court to decide the constitutional issue presented.","The federal court should hear the case and make a ruling before the state court.","The federal court should refuse to hear the case because it presents a nonjusticiable political question.","The federal court should hear the case and defer its decision until after the state court's ruling.","The federal court should refuse to hear the case because it is a matter of state law.","The federal court should hear the case because the state statute potentially violates federal law.","The federal court should refuse to hear the case because it's a matter of electoral law.","The federal court should hear the case on the merits.","The federal court should refuse to hear the case as it lacks jurisdiction.","The federal court should refuse to hear the case because of the abstention doctrine."],"correct":"J","answer":"J"}
{"number":1966,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. Contribution allows a defendant who has paid more than their fair share of a judgment to seek reimbursement from other parties who are also liable. The key issue is whether the intern can seek contribution from the nurse after settling with the patient. Generally, a party who settles without a judgment can still seek contribution if the settlement was reasonable and the other party was also liable for the harm.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A surgeon operated on a patient in an operating room in the Marina General Hospital. The surgeon was assisted by an intern, who was assigned to the operation by the hospital, and a nurse, who was on the staff of the hospital. During the patient's convalescence, the patient complained of pain not explicable as an ordinary post-operative symptom. On investigation, it turned out that the intern and nurse, who had worked together in bandaging him, had done so in such a way as to constrict certain blood vessels. The faulty bandaging had caused acute pain and retarded the patient's recovery. After the patient's eventual recovery, he sued the intern, claiming $20,000 in damages. Before the case went to trial, the patient and intern agreed to a settlement in which the intern paid the patient $12,000, and the patient released the intern from all further claims for liability arising out of the incident. If the intern brings suit against the nurse for contribution, the most likely result is that the intern will","score":1,"choices":["prevail, because the nurse's liability is established under res ipsa loquitur","not prevail, because the intern was the one who agreed to the settlement.","not prevail, because the intern's proper remedy is indemnification, not contribution.","not prevail, because one who settles without judgment cannot recover contribution.","not prevail, because the nurse was just following the intern's orders.","not prevail, because the intern already accepted a settlement.","prevail, because one who settles without judgment can recover contribution.","prevail, because both were equally responsible for the patient's pain.","prevail, because the nurse was also involved in the faulty bandaging.","prevail, because the nurse should have known better as a staff member of the hospital."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1967,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The contractor and the owner entered into a binding contract when the owner accepted the contractor's bid of $75,000. The contractor is obligated to perform the work for that amount unless there was a provision in the contract allowing for adjustments due to unforeseen circumstances, which does not appear to be the case here. The contractor's reliance on the electrician's bid does not alter the terms of the contract with the owner. Therefore, the contractor will likely only be able to recover the original contract price of $75,000.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"An owner of a large, three-story office building planned to renovate the building and requested several contractors to submit bids to perform the work. One of the contractors in turn sought bids from several subcontractors to determine the overall cost of the job. An electrician submitted a bid to do the electrical work to the contractor, which the contractor used in computing the bid he sent to the owner. The contractor notified the electrician to that effect. Two weeks later, the contractor submitted his bid to the owner, in which he offered to perform the renovation work for $75,000. The next day, the electrician notified the contractor that he was unable to perform the electrical work on the owner's project. Two days later, the owner sent the contractor a signed confirmation letter wherein she stated, \"I hereby accept your offer to perform the renovation work for the quoted cost of $75,000. \"Thereafter, the contractor hired another electrician to complete the electrical work at a cost of $5,000 above the first electrician's bid. The contractor explained the situation to the owner and informed her that the overall cost of the job would have to be increased to $80,000. The owner responded that she would hold the contractor to his original bid of $75,000 and would not be responsible for any additional costs. The contractor then performed the renovation work, but the owner has not yet paid him anything. In an action by the contractor against the owner for the services rendered, the contractor will probably be able to recover","score":1,"choices":["$75,000 only, due to the owner's lack of involvement in the subcontractor's bid.","$85,000, to cover the additional cost and the inconvenience caused by the first electrician's withdrawal.","only in quantum meruit, because the contractor performed the renovation work despite the disagreement over costs.","$75,000 only, because the contractor failed to secure the electrician's commitment.","$75,000 only, because that was the contract price.","$80,000, because the owner should bear the cost of unexpected expenses.","$80,000, because the contractor reasonably relied to his detriment on the electrician's bid in formulating his job estimate.","$80,000, because the owner was informed about the increased cost before work began.","only in quantum meruit, because of the doctrifle of commercial frustration.","only in quantum meruit, because by demanding $80,000 the contractor, in effect, repudiated his contract with the owner."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1968,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on tort law for help. In tort law, when individuals act together to commit a wrongful act, they can be held jointly liable for the resulting damages. This is known as acting \"in concert.\" The sports fan can argue that the man who punched him in the mouth and the other men were acting together in the altercation, making them jointly responsible for his injuries.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"One Sunday afternoon, a sports fan went to a professional football game. While standing in line at a concession stand, he got into an argument with three men ahead of him in the line. The three men were friends attending the game together. One of the men punched the sports fan in the mouth. A fight ensued. During the fracas, one of the other three men hit the sports fan over the head with a bottle, which caused him to suffer a serious concussion. The sports fan does not know for certain which of the three men struck him with the bottle. If the sports fan asserts a claim against the man who punched him in the mouth to recover damages for the head injury, will the sports fan prevail?","score":1,"choices":["No, because the sports fan should not have argued with the three men in the first place.","No, because the sports fan does not have a legal basis to sue the man who punched him in the mouth.","No, because the man who punched him in the mouth did not actually strike the sports fan with the bottle.","No, because the sports fan could have avoided the fight.","Yes, because the man who punched him in the mouth was the instigator who struck the first blow that started the fracas.","Yes, because the sports fan was defending himself from an unprovoked attack.","Yes, because the man who punched him in the mouth and the other men were acting in concert.","No, because the sports fan cannot offer proof as to which of the men struck the sports fan over the head with the bottle.","Yes, because the three men were acting as a group and are therefore jointly responsible.","Yes, because all the men were involved in the fight and are therefore liable."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1969,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The statement in question is hearsay, as it is an out-of-court statement offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. However, there are exceptions to the hearsay rule. One such exception is the dying declaration, which allows statements made by a declarant who believes their death is imminent concerning the cause or circumstances of what they believe to be their impending death. For a dying declaration to be admissible, it must be determined that the victim believed their death was imminent at the time of making the statement. This determination is typically made by the judge based on a preponderance of the evidence.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"A witness lived next door to a victim. Late one night, the witness overheard the victim scream, \"The defendant, please don't do it!\" The next day the victim was found dead in her bedroom. The defendant was arrested and charged with murdering the victim. At trial, the witness proposes to testify to the victim's statement. Upon objection by defendant's counsel, the court should rule the witness's testimony regarding the victim's statement","score":1,"choices":["admissible as a past recollection recorded if the witness can confirm the statement was made.","admissible as a dying declaration if the jury determines that the victim believed that her death was imminent.","admissible as a dying declaration if the judge, by preponderance of the evidence, determines that the victim believed that her death was imminent.","inadmissible, because the probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.","inadmissible, because the statement was not made under oath.","inadmissible as hearsay not within any recognized exception.","inadmissible, because the statement is considered a character evidence.","admissible, because the statement is a present sense impression.","inadmissible, because the statement can lead to a character attack on the defendant."],"correct":"C","answer":"C"}
{"number":1970,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), which governs contracts for the sale of goods, the buyer has the right to reject goods if they fail in any respect to conform to the contract (perfect tender rule). The fence company found that the August shipment did not conform to the agreed specifications (6.25 feet high instead of 6 feet). The supplier's offer to adjust the price does not obligate the fence company to accept nonconforming goods. Therefore, the fence company has the right to cancel future deliveries due to noncompliance with the agreed specifications.\n\nAnswer: B","question":"A lumber supplier and a fence company signed the following agreement on May 1:\"The supplier promises to sell and the fence company promises to buy 7,000 sections of redwood stockade fence at $30 per section. Each section is to be made of good quality split redwood poles and is to be 7 feet long and 6 feet high; 1,000 sections are to be delivered by seller on or before June 1, and 1,000 sections by the first day in each of the following six months. Payment for the sections to be made within 10 days of delivery. \"The first shipment of 1,000 sections arrived on May 27, and the fence company sent its payment on June5. The second shipment arrived on July 1, and the fence company made payment on July 5. The August shipment arrived on the afternoon of August 1. After the initial inspection, the redwood poles were found to be 7 feet long and 6. 25 feet high. The manager of the fence company then called the president of the lumber supplier. During their conversation, the president told the manager that the lumber supplier could not replace the August shipment but would allow a price adjustment. The manager refused the president's offer. The next day, the manager sent the president a fax stating that he was hereby canceling all future deliveries and returning the last shipment because of nonconformity. If the lumber supplier sues the fence company for breach of contract, the court will most likely hold that the lumber company will","score":0,"choices":["not succeed, because the fence company has the right to refuse nonconforming goods.","not succeed, because the fence company has the right to cancel due to noncompliance with the agreed specifications.","succeed, because the agreement did not specify that the fence company could cancel for nonconformity.","succeed, because all deliveries to date have been timely.","not succeed, because the deviation impaired the value of the entire contract.","succeed, because the president offered to adjust the price for the August shipment.","succeed, because the difference in pole height did not significantly alter the value of the fence sections.","not succeed, because the president refused to replace the nonconforming poles.","succeed, because the fence company did not provide adequate notice of cancellation.","not succeed, because the fence company made all payments promptly as agreed."],"correct":"F","answer":"B"}
{"number":1971,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on criminal law for help. The key elements of larceny include the unlawful taking and carrying away of someone else's personal property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. Initially, when the defendant picked up the watch, she intended to return it, so there was no intent to permanently deprive the owner at that moment. However, when she decided to keep it later, she formed the intent to permanently deprive the owner of the watch. This constitutes larceny.\n\nEmbezzlement involves the fraudulent conversion of property by a person who is in lawful possession of that property. Since she did not have lawful possession of the watch (she found it), embezzlement does not apply here.\n\nRobbery involves taking property from someone through force or intimidation, which is not applicable in this scenario.\n\nTherefore, the defendant has committed larceny only.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A defendant worked as a patent attorney in a law firm. Late one evening, she left the office and walked outside to her car. While in the parking lot, she noticed a gold watch lying on the ground. When the defendant picked it up, she immediately identified the watch as belonging to one of the other lawyers in her law firm. She took it home with her, intending to return it the next day. The following morning, however, the defendant decided to keep the watch, and did so. The defendant has committed","score":0,"choices":["both theft and embezzlement.","neither theft nor robbery.","embezzlement only.","neither larceny nor embezzlement.","larceny only.","both larceny and embezzlement.","both larceny and robbery.","robbery only.","both robbery and embezzlement.","theft only."],"correct":"D","answer":"E"}
{"number":1972,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In criminal cases, character evidence is generally inadmissible to prove that a person acted in conformity with that character trait on a particular occasion. However, the defendant may introduce evidence of a pertinent character trait. In this case, the man's good neighborliness is not directly relevant to the issue of whether he acted in self-defense during the barroom argument. The pertinent trait would be his peacefulness or non-violence.\nAnswer: G","question":"A man was prosecuted for assault and battery after he admitted striking a victim with a pool cue during a barroom argument. The man claimed that he acted in self-defense after he was attacked by the victim, who was drunk and belligerent. As his first defense witness, the man calls his neighbor to testify that the man is a good neighbor. The neighbor's testimony is","score":1,"choices":["admissible, because it could sway the jury's opinion in favor of the man.","inadmissible, because the neighbor's opinion is not considered reliable evidence.","admissible, because it is relevant to show the improbability of the man's having committed an unprovoked attack.","inadmissible, because it is merely the opinion of a character witness.","admissible, because it could help establish the man's reputation.","admissible, because it is relevant to support the man's credibility.","inadmissible, because it is not directed toward a pertinent trait of the man's character.","admissible, because it shows the man's peaceful nature.","inadmissible, because it does not provide direct evidence of the man's actions during the incident."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1973,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The youth entered into a contract while he was a minor, which generally makes the contract voidable at his option upon reaching the age of majority. However, he continued to make payments after turning 18, which can be seen as ratifying the contract. The car was worth $18,000 at the time of the accident, and he had already paid $12,000. The dealership is entitled to recover the remaining value of the car.\n\nAnswer: C","question":"After his 16th birthday, a youth decided to purchase a new sports car from a dealership for the sales price of $36,000. The youth thereafter entered into a written contract with the dealership, which provided that the youth would make monthly payments of $1,000 for three years. During the first year of the contract, the youth made 12 monthly payments totaling $12,000. However, the youth failed to make any payments during the second year of the contract. The dealership repeatedly threatened to sue the youth for the remaining balance that it claimed was due under the contract. Finally, in order to avoid litigation, the youth sent the dealership the following letter:\"The car I purchased from you is a real lemon. I have spent a considerable sum of money during the last two years in repair work. I don't believe that the car is worth $36,000, but I am willing to pay you $10,000 if I find ajob in the next month. \"The youth had just turned 18 when he sent this letter to the dealership. The day after mailing this letter, the youth was involved in an automobile accident, and the sports car was totally demolished. Following the accident, the youth remained unemployed, and he refused to make any payments to the dealership. At the time of the accident, the sports car was worth $18,000. In this jurisdiction, the age of majority is18 years of age. If the dealership brings suit against the youth for breach of contract, what, if any, is the plaintiff's proper recovery?","score":0,"choices":["$36,000.00","$10,000. 00","$18,000. 00","The cost of repair work the youth has done on the car.","$30,000.00","Nothing.","$12,000.00","The cost of the car at the time of purchase minus the payments made so far.","$6,000.00"],"correct":"F","answer":"C"}
{"number":1974,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, which includes expressive conduct and businesses that engage in protected speech, such as adult bookstores. However, the Supreme Court has upheld zoning ordinances that regulate the location of adult businesses as long as they do not completely ban such businesses and provide reasonable alternative avenues for communication. The key issue is whether the ordinance leaves open ample alternative channels for communication.\n\nAnswer: F","question":"An owner of an adult bookstore was angry that a city ordinance had been passed requiring that all \"adult\" establishments be located in areas zoned industrial. This owner was located in a tourist area downtown and was very profitable. Claiming his First Amendment rights were being violated, he filed suit in court. The court will likely find for:","score":1,"choices":["The owner, because the ordinance infringes on his business rights.","The owner, as it is a legitimate business.","The city, as they have a right to maintain public decency.","The city, because the ordinance is designed to protect the city's image.","The city, because they have a right to regulate offensive activities.","The city, because it does not unreasonably limit alternative avenues of communication.","The owner, because the city has not provided sufficient evidence of harm.","The city, because zoning laws are within their jurisdiction.","The owner, as his First Amendment rights were indeed breached.","The owner, as his store is not technically an 'adult' establishment."],"correct":"F","answer":"F"}
{"number":1975,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. The strongest constitutional argument against the statute involves the separation of powers and federalism principles. Specifically, the issue here is related to the appointment process and the requirement imposed on states.\n\nThe Appointments Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article II, Section 2, Clause 2) gives the President the power to appoint officers of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate. However, it does not grant Congress itself the authority to appoint members to an administrative agency, as this would violate the separation of powers principle.\n\nAdditionally, requiring states to establish and maintain a program under which each vehicle and each furnace shall be tested annually for compliance with federal emissions standards could be seen as commandeering state governments to enforce federal regulations, which is problematic under the Tenth Amendment and principles established in cases like Printz v. United States.\n\nHowever, considering all options provided, the most direct constitutional challenge would be against Congress's authority to appoint members to an administrative agency.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"Pursuant to a newly enacted statute, Congress created a nine-member agency empowered to promulgate rules governing air quality standards for the nation. In accordance with the statute, the President was authorized to appoint a majority of six members to the agency, and the other three positions were to be filled by the Senate. The nine members were duly appointed to the agency, and all appointees were subsequently approved in confirmation hearings. Thereafter, the agency issued the following regulations:(a) Requiring each motor vehicle operating in the United States to be equipped with a specified air/fuel control device;(b) Requiring each gas or oil furnace located in the United States to be fitted with a specified device to reduce emissions;(c) Requiring each State to establish and maintain a program under which each vehicle and each furnace shall be tested annually for compliance with federal emissions standards. Which of the following arguments would provide the strongest constitutional grounds against the authority of the statute?","score":1,"choices":["The President does not have the constitutional power to appoint members to an administrative agency without the approval of Congress.","An administrative agency does not have the constitutional authority to issue regulations that directly affect the economy without the approval of Congress.","The President does not have the constitutional power to appoint a majority of members to an administrative agency.","An administrative agency does not have the constitutional authority to enforce regulations on private property without due process.","The statute is unconstitutional because it grants too much power to a single administrative agency.","An administrative agency does not have the constitutional authority to require states to supervise federal regulatory guidelines such as those enumerated in Subsection (c).","The statute is unconstitutional because it does not provide for judicial review of agency decisions.","An administrative agency does not have the constitutional authority to promulgate regulations that unduly burden interstate commerce.","Congress does not have the executive authority to appoint members to an administrative agency."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1976,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on evidence law for help. The nurse's testimony about the surgeon destroying the x-rays is relevant because it could suggest an attempt to hide evidence of malpractice, which is pertinent to the patient's claim. The destruction of evidence can be seen as an indication of consciousness of guilt. Therefore, the testimony is likely admissible, and its weight should be determined by the jury.\n\nAnswer: E","question":"A surgeon performed an appendectomy on a patient in an operating room at the local hospital. The surgeon was assisted by a nurse who was assigned to the operation by the hospital. During the patient's early convalescence, he complained of pain not explicable as an ordinary post-operative symptom. On investigation, it turned out that the surgeon, who had bandaged him following the operation, had done so in such a manner as to constrict certain blood vessels. The faulty bandaging had caused acute pain and retarded the patient's recovery. After the patient's eventual recovery, he sued the surgeon for malpractice, claiming $25,000 in damages. In his case-in-chief, the patient called the nurse to testifS' that shortly after the surgery, she saw the surgeon destroy the postoperative x-rays of the patient's abdomen. Upon objection by the surgeon's attorney, the trial judge should rule the nurse's testimony","score":1,"choices":["admissible, but only if the surgeon is given an opportunity to refute the nurse's testimony.","inadmissible, because the probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.","inadmissible, because it is extrinsic evidence of a collateral matter.","admissible, if the patient can demonstrate that the destroyed x-rays would have supported his claim.","admissible, but leave the weight of the nurse's testimony to be determined by the jury.","inadmissible, as the x-rays were destroyed post-operation and do not pertain to the surgeon's performance during the surgery.","inadmissible, unless other evidence can corroborate the nurse's testimony.","admissible, only if the nurse can prove that the surgeon intentionally destroyed the x-rays.","inadmissible, because the nurse's testimony is hearsay."],"correct":"E","answer":"E"}
{"number":1977,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. When a client accepts the services of an attorney without an explicit agreement on the fee, it typically creates an implied-in-fact contract. This type of contract is formed by the conduct of the parties rather than written or spoken words. The client's acceptance of the attorney's services implies an agreement to pay a reasonable fee for those services.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"Where a client accepts the services of an attorney without an agreement concerning the amount of the fee, there is","score":1,"choices":["An express contract.","A unilateral contract.","An executory contract.","A quasi contract.","An implied-in-law contract.","An oral contract.","No contract.","An implied-in-fact contract.","A written contract.","A void contract."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1978,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Waste in property law refers to the improper use or abuse of a property by a person in possession who holds less than a fee simple interest. Voluntary waste involves the intentional or negligent destruction or alteration of the property, which reduces its value. Ameliorative waste occurs when changes made to the property increase its value, but are still considered waste because they alter the character of the property. In this case, clearing timber from land that is more valuable for cultivation could be seen as ameliorative waste because it changes the character of the land but potentially increases its value.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A grantor is the fee simple owner of a 1,000-acre tract of land. Half of the tract is swampland totally unfit for cultivation, though it is heavily covered with valuable hardwood timber. The other half is also covered with valuable timber, but it is land that would be fit for the raising of crops if it were cleared of the timber. The latter section of land is more valuable for cultivation than it is for the growing of timber. The grantor conveyed his tract to his brother for life. At the time of the conveyance, the swampland had never been used for the production of timber. The brother took possession and cleared 40 acres of the timber on the section that was suitable for cultivation. In addition, the brother cut 60 acres of timber in the swampland, thus becoming the first person to exploit this area. The brother's cutting of the timber on the section of tract suitable for cultivation would be an example of","score":1,"choices":["unreasonable exploitation.","intentional waste.","constructive waste.","ameliorative waste.","negligent waste.","voluntary waste.","remedial waste.","permissive waste.","equitable waste."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
{"number":1979,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on contract law for help. The landscaper performed services worth $1,200 (4 months x $300/month) before breaching the contract. The homeowner could have hired a comparable landscaper to complete the remaining work for $600 (2 months x $300/month). Therefore, the landscaper should be entitled to recover the value of the work done before the breach, which is $1,200.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A landscaper agreed to maintain the yard of a homeowner for six months for a fee of $300 per month, payable at the end of the six-month period. This amount was the fair market value of the work to be performed. The landscaper performed the work for four months but was then offered another job for $500 per month and, after notifying the homeowner, stopped doing the promised work and took the other job. The homeowner refused to pay the landscaper anything. The homeowner could have hired a comparable landscaper to complete the work for $300 per month. In a lawsuit between the landscaper and the homeowner, what is the likely result?","score":1,"choices":["The landscaper will recover $900 for the work done before the breach.","The homeowner will recover $500, which is the cost of hiring a new landscaper.","The homeowner will recover $300, which constitutes the unjust enrichment of the landscaper.","The landscaper will recover $1,500 for the work done before the breach.","The landscaper will recover $1,800, considering the new job offer.","The homeowner will recover $1,200, which is the cost of completing the work at prevailing market rates.","The homeowner will recover $400, which constitutes the unjust enrichment of the landscaper.","Neither the landscaper nor the homeowner will recover, because neither has suffered any loss.","The landscaper will recover $1,200 for the work done before the breach.","The homeowner will recover $600, which is the cost of completing the work at prevailing market rates."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1980,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The Eighth Amendment prohibits cruel and unusual punishment, and the Fourteenth Amendment ensures due process and equal protection under the law. In the landmark case Robinson v. California (1962), the U.S. Supreme Court held that it is unconstitutional to criminalize a person's status or condition, such as being addicted to drugs, as it constitutes cruel and unusual punishment. This precedent suggests that punishing someone solely for their status as an addict, without proof of illegal drug use, is unconstitutional.\n\nAnswer: G","question":"A state statute made it a crime to be addicted to the use of narcotic drugs. A man was arrested and charged with the crime of drug addiction. Two officers testified that they examined \"track\" marks on the defendant's arms and wrists, and that he admitted to past drug usage. The accused testified that he was not an addict and the marks were from an allergic reaction. The trial court instructed the jury that it could find him guilty on proof that he was an addict, without proof of drug usage. The jury did not believe the defendant's denials, and found him guilty based on the observed track marks. The court sentenced him to six months imprisonment. He appealed, claiming cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments of the United States Constitution. Will the conviction likely be reversed on appeal?","score":1,"choices":["Yes, because the statute makes it criminal to use illegal drugs, which constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.","No, because the arrest is based on the regular use of illegal narcotics and is a proper concern of the criminal law.","Yes, because the physical evidence is not enough to prove that the defendant is currently using drugs.","No, because the jury found him guilty based on the evidence presented in the trial.","Yes, because addiction is a medical condition and should be treated as such, not criminalized.","No, because the state has the power to forbid the use of narcotics within its borders and that's what this statute does.","Yes, because the statute punishes having the illness of drug addiction, which is like punishing someone for having a cold, and it is thus cruel and unusual punishment.","No, because the defendant admitted to past drug usage, hence he is guilty.","No, because the state has the right to protect its citizens from the harmful effects of narcotics."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1981,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, including the right to protest. However, the government can impose reasonable time, place, and manner restrictions on speech, provided they are content-neutral, narrowly tailored to serve a significant governmental interest, and leave open ample alternative channels for communication.\n\nSection 202 of the ordinance appears to be a content-neutral regulation aimed at protecting the privacy of individuals in their homes. It does not prohibit all forms of protest but rather limits picketing specifically in front of residences. The ordinance allows for meetings or assemblies on premises used for discussing subjects of general public interest, which suggests that it leaves open alternative channels for communication.\n\nGiven these considerations, the court is likely to find Section 202 constitutional as a permissible time, place, and manner regulation.\n\nAnswer: H","question":"A city passed a picketing ordinance. Section 202 of that ordinance reads:\"Section 202. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in picketing before or about the residence of an individual. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the holding of a meeting or assembly on any premises used for the discussion of subjects of general public interest. \"A group of teachers who work for a public school inside of the city were angry that the principal decreased their salaries. The teachers reacted by picketing on the lawn of the principal's privately owned house. The teachers were charged with violating Section 202 of the ordinance. The teachers have filed suit attacking the constitutionality of Section 202. The court will most likely declare Section 202","score":1,"choices":["constitutional, as a valid exercise of a state's reserved powers under the Tenth Amendment.","unconstitutional, as discriminatory on its face.","constitutional, as it is within the city's power to regulate public disturbances.","constitutional, as it does not interfere with the teachers' ability to protest in other locations.","unconstitutional, as a violation of the right to free speech.","unconstitutional, as it limits the teachers' right to express their grievances.","unconstitutional, as vague and overbroad.","constitutional, as a permissible time, place, and manner regulation.","constitutional, as it protects the privacy of individuals in their homes.","unconstitutional, as it infringes upon the right to peaceful assembly."],"correct":"H","answer":"H"}
{"number":1982,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on constitutional law for help. The statute in question is related to the potential drafting of individuals into the military, which is a power granted to Congress under its authority to raise and support an army and navy. This power allows Congress to enact laws necessary for maintaining the armed forces, including measures like physical examinations to assess the fitness of potential draftees.\nAnswer: G","question":"Congress has recently enacted a statute requiring all males between the ages of 18 and 30 to take a physical examination each year. The results of the exam are sent to a government data information center for the purpose of keeping information about men who may be drafted into the military. A 25-year-old law school graduate has herpes. He has recently sent resumes to many governmental agencies. Fearful that the information about his herpes condition will become available, he seeks a declaratory judgment that would forbid the government from requiring him to take a physical examination. Which of the following is the best constitutional basis in support of the federal law?","score":1,"choices":["The full faith and credit clause.","The dormant commerce clause.","The necessary and proper clause.","The equal protection clause.","The commerce clause.","The supremacy clause.","To raise and support an army and navy.","The privileges and immunities clause.","To provide for the general welfare.","The due process clause."],"correct":"G","answer":"G"}
{"number":1983,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on law for help. In federal court, a case must present an actual, ongoing case or controversy. If the university has signed a stipulation agreeing not to harass her in the future, it might seem that the issue is resolved. However, the woman is seeking both an injunction and damages. The stipulation addresses only future behavior (the injunction) but does not address past harassment or any damages she may have suffered. Therefore, there remains a live controversy regarding the damages.\n\nAnswer: I","question":"A woman attended a private university. One afternoon she was approached by a photographer for a magazine, who asked her if she would be interested in posing nude for an upcoming issue. The woman, who was an aspiring model, agreed and posed for a number of nude pictures, which subsequently appeared in the magazine. Afterward, administrators and professors at the university began to harass her for what they considered to be imprudent behavior. During class, her instructors frequently called her \"Playmate\" and \"Stripper. \" Consequently, the woman brought suit in federal court against the university, alleging harassment, and seeking an injunction and damages. After this action was instituted, the university signed a stipulation agreeing not to harass her in the future. The federal court should now","score":1,"choices":["dismiss the action as moot.","dismiss the action because the university has agreed to stop the harassment.","dismiss the case because the woman did not file a complaint with the university first.","dismiss the action since the issues are no longer ripe.","dismiss the action because there is no case or controversy.","hear the case because the woman's career could be affected.","dismiss the action because the woman agreed to pose for the pictures.","dismiss the case because it involves a private institution.","hear the case.","hear the case because the woman's rights have been violated."],"correct":"I","answer":"I"}
{"number":1984,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. In tort law, a person generally does not have a legal duty to act or warn another person of danger unless there is a special relationship or specific circumstances that create such a duty. The third friend did not have a legal obligation to warn the second friend, as there was no special relationship that required him to do so. Therefore, the second friend should not prevail in asserting a cause of action against the third friend.\n\nAnswer: A","question":"Three friends decided to go bowling together. They made a friendly wager on the match, with the winner receiving a free beer from the other two guys. In the second frame of the first game, the first friend apparently got a strike when he knocked down all 10 pins. However, the second friend accused the first friend of fouling because his foot went over the line. The first friend denied fouling and wanted to mark down a strike on the scorecard. The second friend refused to give the first friend a strike and wrote in a zero on the scoring sheet. The first friend became enraged. The second friend then went to bowl his frame. As the second friend turned his back, the first friend approached from behind with a bowling ball in his hand. The first friend then raised the bowling ball threatening to hit the back of the second friend's head. The second friend, who had his back turned, did not see the first friend's actions. The third friend saw what the first friend was about to do and could easily have warned the second friend; but the third friend remained silent. The first friend then struck the second friend on the back of the head with the bowling ball, causing a deep scalp wound. If the second friend asserts a cause of action against the third friend, he should","score":1,"choices":["not prevail, because the third friend was under no duty to warn the second friend of the danger.","not prevail, as the third friend's silence does not qualify as an act of negligence.","prevail, because the third friend contributed to his injury by remaining silent.","prevail, because the third friend was aware of the danger.","prevail, because the third friend was an accomplice in the first friend's actions.","prevail, on account of the third friend's omission to act.","not prevail, because the first friend was responsible for his injury.","prevail, because the third friend had a moral obligation to warn him.","not prevail, because the third friend could not have predicted the first friend's actions.","not prevail, because the third friend did not directly cause the injury."],"correct":"A","answer":"A"}
{"number":1985,"response":"Explanation: Let's think step by step. We refer to Wikipedia articles on property law for help. Generally, when a property is sold, any crops growing on the land at the time of sale are considered part of the real estate unless otherwise specified in the sale agreement. This principle is known as \"emblements.\" Since there was no mention of the status or ownership of the tobacco crop in the land-sale agreement, the crops are presumed to be part of the land and thus transferred with it. Therefore, the retiree does not have a right to re-enter and harvest the crop unless there was an explicit reservation in the sale agreement.\n\nAnswer: D","question":"A retiree owned a 100-acre farm. For many years, the retiree grew tobacco on a 10-acre strip located in the northeast section of the property. In March, the retiree planted his annual tobacco crop, which he usually harvested in early October. In September, the retiree sold his farm to a tobacco grower for $100,000. At the time the retiree conveyed the property to the grower, the tobacco crop was well developed and quite mature. When the retiree and the grower entered into their land-sale agreement, there was no mention of the status or ownership of the tobacco crop. In early October, after the grower took possession of the property, the retiree contacted him and requested permission to harvest and remove the tobacco crop. The grower refused to allow the retiree to re-enter the property. The retiree brings suit against the grower seeking to re-enter the property and remove the tobacco crop that he had planted. Which of the following is correct regarding the respective rights of the parties?","score":1,"choices":["The retiree should be allowed to re-enter the property to remove the tobacco crop, but the grower is entitled to a reasonable percentage of the harvest.","The retiree is entitled to remove the tobacco crop, but he must pay the grower a reasonable value to enter the property, thus gaining access to the crop.","The retiree and the grower each have a colorable title to the tobacco crop, and consequently, there should be an equitable division of the proceeds from the sale of the crop between both parties.","The retiree is not entitled to remove the tobacco crop and, thus, is not entitled to re-enter the property.","The retiree is entitled to remove the tobacco crop, but must pay the grower for any damages caused during the harvesting process.","Both the retiree and the grower are entitled to an equal share of the tobacco crop, thus, the retiree should be allowed to re-enter the property to harvest.","The retiree is not entitled to remove the tobacco crop but should be compensated by the grower for the mature crop.","The retiree is entitled to remove the tobacco crop and is not required to pay the grower for entering the property, thus gaining access to the crop.","The grower is entitled to the tobacco crop and is not required to compensate the retiree for the mature crop.","The grower is entitled to the tobacco crop, but must pay the retiree a reasonable value for the mature crop."],"correct":"D","answer":"D"}
